we're back round two of the Matthew Cox
story saga series podcast series we had
such an overwhelming performance here so
where did we leave off on the first
podcast I think we wrapped got arrested
yeah you got arrested the very end of
your career in mortgage fraud and
identity theft right you got busted from
that stupid home invasion you went to
trial right no I didn't go to trial so
so what happened right after you got
arrested what was the process super
guilty super guilty guilty okay super
guilty you ever think about going to
well I mean if you're innocent you go to
trial you could be innocent go to trial
you still got probably a 50% chance of
being found guilty hmm I mean so if
you're guilty you just say hey look uh
you just beg for forgiveness and say hmm
hopefully how come you have that mic and
not one of these because Shane typically
sits here okay and this big arm like
blocks his the view of him okay so
that's why he started using this one
yeah basically I got arrested you know
and so I got taken to the Secret Service
you know headquarter in Nashville and
then I was flown to Atlanta and all of
my cases were consolidated in Atlanta so
I had cases in South Carolina in Florida
in Tennessee and in Atlanta and they
were all consolidated in Atlanta and so
you know they gave me a I didn't have
any money they took all them all the
money I had and how much money did you
have at the time at the time you know
the thing is is that the banks cuz
someone were like credit lines what they
as soon as the banks were notified they
immediately like clawed back any money
that was in their accounts and that sort
of thing so how much money I have at the
time I don't know we were trying to get
I couldn't even tell you then I mean
we'd been robbed
we had a bunch of money stolen from us
it was
I don't know maybe it was half a million
dollars I couldn't even tell you I do
know we were set up to get another half
a million or so possibly a million in
refinances like I was in the middle
setting all of that up to try and get
better see we found out that Dateline
was coming out and when Dateline came
out like I'd already been in Fortune
magazine had come out oh you had already
done the Dateline interview no I hadn't
oh saying they came Rebecca Howe got
caught before me so her lawyer had
gotten involved and she was from like
the Johnnie Cochran law firm or
something I really was like from the
Johnnie Cochran law firm and I actually
I saw her on TV the other day I forget
her name so um she had gotten her an
interview you know she was on fortune in
Fortune magazine it was the whole you
know I'm a victim I fell in love with
this guy he convinced me to do all these
things he manipulated me and I'm a
victim and I didn't know what I was
doing and it's all him and he's a
horrible person so this so they get they
do an interview with Fortune magazine
Fortune magazine puts up the rights of
story based on her perspective it's it's
actually and it's on the internet and so
so that and then Dateline she did she
did Dateline and it was a whole poor
poor me he's a bad guy I'm a nice person
you know he he a Don Juan he manipulated
me so you know which is listen which
honestly had she never come across my
path had she never met me granted that
was probably true so by actually meeting
me it definitely spun her world yeah so
that was her whole take so that had but
so Dateline was about to come out so I
was about to leave the United States and
that's when I got caught so I I get
caught I get brought I end up in Atlanta
I'm in Atlanta my they took all of my
money I don't have any legitimate money
so I can't get a lawyer I ended up
getting a public defender so the public
defender comes in and she's basically
like look they said they said you stole
million dollars I'm like six million
dollars that's insane
never seen twenty six million dollars
they're like yeah 26 million the FBI is
talking about charging you with 40
million dollars and they they have money
or they have like money laundering and
all these just the charges were just
outrageous there was tons of them think
at one point if you tacked them stacked
them all it was like 250 years or
something then she said don't worry
about that the most they could do is
they stacked them really some of those
are double up and if you plead guilty
most you could get his 54 years but
don't worry that's not gonna happen
either I'm like Jesus guy me was just
horrible Wow you know I'm 37 years old
and I was just thinking I'm gonna I'm
gonna die in prison and this is
ridiculous I was filling out paperwork
filling out paperwork bringing it to the
bank they're giving me checks I mean you
you're talking about giving me something
you give a um you know a serial killer
so she ends up saying she's like look
they want to talk to you FBI wants to
talk to you Secret Service wants to talk
to you they've already indicted you in
these jurisdictions you're co-defendants
have already cooperated against you a
few of them not all of them some of them
just avoided talking to the FBI at all
but most of them had already cooperated
Becky was already in jail a girl named
Allison Arnold remember the girl that
went in the bank as Rosita Perez yeah
okay she ended up getting she ended up
uh what does she do she ended up turning
herself in going in and saying look I'll
plead guilty I'm gonna turn myself in
and I'll plead guilty
really and she pled guilty and turned
herself in and they gave her like 30
months for turning herself in FBI had
actually told her she won't do any time
and then the US attorney came in and
said this guy Robert miles of Kowski
came in and he said no she's got to go
to jail so that's the problem is the FBI
will sometimes make sometimes the FBI
will come in and they'll make promises
to you yeah but they're not actually
allowed to make promises so you're
you're thinking the FBI said that they
were gonna do this but they can't they
can't promise that and so you're banking
on the FBI doing what they said they can
do but they're not really in a position
to make any promises right
the US Attorney steps in and says oh I
never said that the agent said that what
the agent doesn't have authority to say
that well I didn't know that yeah that's
not my fault no no you're gonna get ten
years watch he said I get two years you
know you know and they always try and
they always kind of do a little whole
thing look look I'm gonna do this and
this and your honestly between you and
me you're probably gonna end up with a
couple years that's it really yeah
BAM next thing you know you get 10 years
so and they're always sorry
oh yeah Allison told me that the FBI
agent actually Candace the woman that
remember the woman that I called mm-hmm
she told me she actually after she was
sentenced we really you're playing
chicken with basically with that the
girl who say she uh she was like um
turning yourself in the AMPA and you're
like what about Atlanta right and you
had the track of the burner phone right
so that agent actually went to Allison
after she was sentenced she had to turn
herself in and went and told her look
I'm so sorry she said she goes you know
she was just like I'm so sorry she's
like you said I didn't have to go to
jail right you said I'd have to go to
jail and she's like hey they just give
me 30 months and she's like I'm so sorry
I didn't realize I really thought that I
was what was gonna happen and you know
okay so I also went to you know what to
jail Allison
genuinely you know never got really much
money or anything like that she ended 30
months were dates ridiculous Wow so you
know and she cooperated you know I
talked to Allison every other day really
yeah I talked to her all the time
I mean she's awesome she's an amazing
person and you know and it's so funny
too because like when I watch the
American greed and she's like Matt Cox
is the greediest person I've ever met I
called her up and I go you just said
Matt kata is she's like I'm so sorry you
don't understand the pressure I was
under
it was the producers they fed me that
line it was funny she's uh she's yeah
she's super cool I talk to her all the
time so anyway let's see so what happens
is so there you met with your lawyer she
said they're gonna get you down to like
53 years yeah yeah she's actually when
she sat there and I said okay well what
kind of a deal I'm like can I get and
she said well she says they want you to
sign what's called an open plea an open
plea means that you plead guilty and
whatever the PSI come your pre-sentence
report comes out too that's what it is
and she is so I go with
well they don't do that till after
you've cooperated after you've talked
after you've you've completely done
everything they've asked and then
they'll do that she's but we can figure
it out ourselves cuz I know what you're
charged with
I said okay so we go over it it ends up
being between 12 to 14 years I said okay
cool
12 to 14 years she has 12 to 14 years
plus you're going to get cooperation
cooperation means that they're going to
reduce your sentence it's a it's a
substantial assistance if you provide
substantial assistance with the
government they'll reduce your sentence
and basically you're gonna snitch on
somebody right and get somebody you know
get somebody jammed up and get them
charged okay well everybody I already
know and I'm telling her everybody I
know has already cooperated she's like I
know but you need to go in and talk to
him anyway you know plus they want you
to be interviewed by Dateline and I went
okay this is because Dateline had
already done one-hour special on me
and they said but Dateline wants to do
another one hour special but they want
to interview you this time she was in
the government wants you to do it they
said they will consider it substantial
assistance
okay well then I've got to do it because
I don't have anybody I can tell on could
you get it in writing or anything no
they're not gonna put anything in
writing really I mean that almost never
happens I actually know of one case the
whole time I've been locked up I know of
one case of a guy that got a guarantee
we will reduce your sentence okay so so
I go in I talked to the talk to the FBI
for three days about two three days and
so I explained this is what happened
this is what I did this is what I did
here I did this I did this here who
helped you so and so help me they're
like okay well we talked to so-and-so
remember they came in first they gave me
a stack of what's called 302s which is
other people that cooperate against you
right in there called the it's
interviews with witnesses
they're called 302s don't give me a
stack of them and I'm like literally
every single person I know they've well
not everybody but almost everybody
they've talked to already I'm like Jesus
Christ all these participants or
co-conspirators have already cooperated
so I say you know they're like Oh with
so-and-so said this I'm like yeah that's
true that's what happened but I don't
they have any new information they'd had
three years to investigate right so I
don't have anything okay and people have
been indicted but they hadn't arrested
anybody you know that they were waiting
to catch me well keep mine by the time
this is all taking place the economy's
melting down this is 2007 so by late by
mid to late 2007 the economy's starting
to melt down it's the more it's it's the
beginning of the mortgage crisis right
so wait will you yeah my little few
million dollars yeah melt and and you
know that's the kind of stuff they were
saying though it's because of people
like you I'm like are you fuckin serious
about billions of dollars right you know
they they they need a face exactly so so
anyway I end up going in and I talk to
the Secret Service and my I always love
that when I want to talk to Secret
Service I told you that I used to make
banks right I would make like fake
online banks so if I had to verify
somebody say I have to verify you let's
say you need something like reserves
okay so I have a bunch of mortgages and
I'm refinancing them but you have so
many mortgages the bank says look we
need to know that if you lose your job
you can make all these payments and we
need to know you have six months worth
of records yeah hmm well I've got five
payment five payments on five different
mortgages already so they go so we need
to basically need to see that you have
$60,000 in your bank
why didn't have a bank with 60,000 so
what I do is I would make online banks
and then I would create a website for
them the cloning of the website change
if you change it around a little bit
make up a basic GoDaddy type very simple
website and so they can then I'd make
fake bank statements and I would send
them to the banks and then they could
check they get always go to check out
the bank so I made one call the bank of
Ybor one was a bank of it was a Southern
Exchange Bank of Clarksville because the
bet that Bank had actually been sold to
countrywide sold to um like First Union
or somebody anyway so these were banks
that were already like known banks no
these aren't real banks there's no Bank
of Ybor so so but if you've got your
some underwriter and all they're doing
is they're getting some bank statements
and if they're questioning it they go
they can always look up the website or
they can call and there's a there's a
I'll talk about how it's a small local
bank we're currently you know
experiencing how high collar volume I'll
leave your name and number someone will
call you back
whatever so here which almost never
happens cuz they have the banks Damon's
they have original bank statement so you
know and then they're verifying
everything they're making calls and
they're all probably not go there really
just verifying the reserves and they
have the bank statement that's all they
need
so the point is is that when I get
caught by the Secret Service one of the
first things that they say to me is look
we want to talk to you about what
happened and we've already talked to
Rebecca Hulk and so here's the issue
mr. Cox is are you hiding any money
have you given us all the money I said
absolutely you got all the money on it's
on trust you got all the money out of
First Tennessee bank you got all that I
started naming you got all those you
I gave you all the banks they're like
mr. Cox we know you're hiding money no
no I'm not hiding any money they go yeah
yeah you are
they said you're about to get charged
with obstruction of justice and I'm like
my lawyers going hey do we need to talk
Mike no I gave him all them what are you
talking about they pull out a couple of
bank statements and slam it when they go
you've got a hundred and eighty thousand
dollars in Southern Exchange Bank of
Clarksville under the name of Walter
Holcomb and I'm like like are you
serious and they're like yeah and what
are you what are you doing and I said
listen oh my god keep mine you got the
US Attorney there I had two Secret
Service agents and I go did you call the
bank they go yeah we called the bank I
went did you talk to somebody and they
go no we left I've left several messages
I go did you go to the website they go
yeah I said what did you think of it and
he goes it's a website's the bank
website what do you mean I go but a
minute it's well done it's professional
here's I mean it's a bank website I went
yeah but it's it's it's convincing and
he goes oh son of a bitch he goes it's
fake isn't it and I went I said no it's
all an illusion oh and the hoggar are
you serious I go who did you you what
did you do here is we subpoena the bank
I go what bank there's no bank and he
said they looked it up on the bank
registry and the number was actually
good because there was a star that
southern exchange bank but it wasn't
southern Exchange Bank of Clarksville
hmm it was a real southern Exchange Bank
that had been purchased by another Bank
so
the registration number or whatever was
still good so they had the address and
they subpoenaed them a few days earlier
I was like this is insane I said I
haven't paid that thing in months
there's no way he turned around he
dialed the number
and sure enough like the number goes doo
doo doo yeah the phone um yeah yeah I
know he's like and I'm like holy shit so
I mean I always thought that was funny I
remember looking at the guy was just
looking at me smiling I go I'm
embarrassed you caught me and he just
starts laughing he was actually cool the
Secret Service was actually agents were
cool you know I went through everything
this is what I did here this is what I
did here they kept saying look there's
got to be other more money out there
it's like at the end of American greed
they say there's like four million
dollars or something yeah this thing or
some bullshit and they kept saying that
kind of stuff but there's no money okay
so then when I met with the FBI they
were just it was Candace and she hated
my guts oh you met with her and / oh
yeah yeah yeah
and the worst thing is are you sweetie
this was she's got to be five nine five
eight five nine and she wears heels so
she was like six foot tall mm-hmm and
I've got slippers on from the jail and
I'm like five foot six five seven with a
good pair of shoes and I didn't have
them yeah and she towered over me and
she was a belligerent and she was just
she really loved the fact I remember one
point she was taking my handcuffs off
and I rubbed my wrist and she said and
she goes your wrists hurt and I go yeah
and she goes get used to it I was like
damn oh she really despised me so anyway
the point is is that I end up doing the
interview with Dateline mm-hmm because I
think they're gonna reduce my sentence
for it okay just keep in mind I've
everything I've told them they basically
already know there's no reduction in
their that for me right so I do the
Dateline thing and the night before my
sentencing oh I got my psi back by the
way and it says like I'm doing like 26
years
you got 26 years in four months I never
say the four months because it's psi
pre-sentence report okay so it's
recommending that the judge gave me 26
years my
like don't worry about that we're gonna
argue some of these enhancements not a
big deal
so I go so she does plus you've you're
gonna get a reduction okay well the
night before the US Attorney decides
she's not gonna give me a reduction just
yeah and he should but he did Dateline
shows yeah well you said you'd consider
it substantial assistance she's I did
say that and I did consider it and it's
not Wow yeah I was like but she said she
would choose Nassif she said she would
consider it substantial sentence she did
consider it and I was like oh my god I'm
a Dateline there's absolutely nothing
nothing for me at that time so I get in
from the judge and my lawyer argues the
enhancements and the judge is like yeah
I disagree okay well this enhancement I
disagree
keep in mind they do stuff like some of
the enhancements they were just
ridiculous I mean I got you get an
enhancement for committing another crime
while you're on probation so you're an
enhancement you get a I got an
enhancement for more than like 50
victims or something but they counted
they counted countrywide Bank like five
times and I was like no they go yes
turns right Bank you took money from
them Countrywide Financial countrywide
home loans and country so it's like why
so everyone there everyone there's a
separate entity okay well and my lawyers
like yeah they can do that and then they
turn around they say okay we're hitting
you for taking stealing more than a
million dollars from one institution and
I was like what institution is that may
go countrywide okay you said it's five
different no no for this purpose it's
one you see them saying everything
stacked against you Jesus is just
nothing you can do
you're at their mercy so anyway she
loses all these enhancements arguments
for the enhancements judge says you get
in 26 years in six months
okay where's our 26 years for months so
I always say 26 years so I get 26 years
I go back to the unit I mean bro bad day
crying listen crying like a small child
I mean you can't believe the way I was I
mean just couldn't Yemen just the tears
think even closing in my eyes I mean
they just wouldn't stop coming we talked
about just just fundamentally just
fracture
I mean I was just it was like it was
something you just can't believe that
you just got 26 years I couldn't believe
I'd done anything to get 26 years I
filled out paperwork and giving it to
the bank and what what happened how is
this possible
yeah so you know I end up getting
shipped to prison I go to prison I go to
the medium because I have so much time
you need security medium security
prison-- which is it looks like a real
prison it's what you think a prison is
is there's two tier systems or it's uh
you know there's the second railing
there's there's a there's a center
console area where the guard sits and
you can see all the all the rooms down
here they're locked down and now there's
a second tier up to up top where there's
rooms I mean it's it's a real prison
right so I go there I mean it's just the
guys there are all massively huge and I
go into the prison and as soon as I get
there they assigned me a room I meet my
bunkie which is this Mexican guy now is
medium is a medium tier prison is that
for violent crimes or okay yeah okay
well it's a medium typically to go to a
medium up you have to have an extensive
amount of time a long record or you have
to have violence okay you know for
instance you know like if you have it
you could be something like you've been
arrested four or five times going to
jail once any but you happen to have a
gun in your case and they'll say that's
violent you had a gun that's violent
you're going to the medium so you have
high points high-security points Mike
security points were like two or three
which is which is low that's a camp I
should have gone to a can what did you
get any kind of violent points for I
didn't oh you didn't get I had too much
time Oh cuz it was so alright you talk
so if you have over 20 years to do
you're going to a medium right I had 23
years as soon as I got sentenced for 26
years they immediately knock off three
for your good time so I still have 23
years I've been locked up for a year
already so I got about 20 to 23 years
left okay so you got a guy got to go to
a medium so I go to the medium right
everybody there's almost everybody there
has like bullet holes in them they've
all I met I met I
thirty or forty guys that had actually
gone to trial like for murder or already
done state time for murder or for
something I mean there's these are
violent guy sees their guys doing home
invasions these are guys doing car
jackings these are big-time drug dealers
you don't even have to be a big-time
drug dealer you could have just a cell
be selling you know $10 crack rocks at
you happen to have a gun you're going to
a medium or a pen right so I end up
going to the medium or the first time I
get there I meet my cellie we shake
hands I go down the first guy you met
first guy I met and it's locked down all
the time so I actually I went down to
get like some water or something Sutton
immediately they started screaming
lockdown lockdown lockdown and I don't
know what I'm like what's going on my
cellie comes up to me and he says hey
selling you gotta go we gotta go the
room now and I was like he said come on
come on you know he knows I don't know
anything I'm like well what's going on
here we gotta go to the room and I go
okay so I go up to I said what happened
he said somebody got stabbed in the yard
and I went someone got someone died and
he goes no no they just stabbed him a
little bit just stabbed up stabbed up a
little bit I was like a little bit so
yeah I mean that's just the kind of
place it was you know and it was the
there wasn't like a lot of gang activity
if there was it didn't have anything to
do with me and the reason that I got
lucky was within a few within a month or
two I'm basically hanging out in the
library because people are stabbing each
other in the yard mm-hmm
so I end up they they have what they
call continuing education course there
wasn't yeah not continuing education
sorry there there are ACE courses adult
continuing education courses okay so
there was a guy who taught the real
estate class
he ended up after a month or so didn't
want to teach it he comes to me and he
goes listen man I don't want to do this
anymore I'm doing legal work all the
time it's just too much can you start
teaching and I said sure
so I start teaching the real estate
course Wow that's ironic
yeah I know taught the real estate
course the whole time I was at Coleman
from the meet as soon as I left the
medium within a month I'm teaching it at
the 8th below but anyway I stayed the
medium so I'm hanging out the medium and
I'm waiting and I'm thinking to myself
that I I'm I'm really kind of just
screwed there's nothing I can do
so after I ended up getting it
in education and I'm teaching a real
estate and that's all I do what was that
like how many people were in your class
honey how many in the real estate yeah
Oh like forty guys forty guys listen and
you know and you've got some guys that
show up and they show up in they're like
listen man I just want a certificate cuz
my case managers bugging me and telling
me I gotta take classes I don't want to
be here and I'm like okay so go to sleep
yeah well no I was like look just give
me two coffees you know they sell bags
give me two bag the coffee and two bags
of creamer okay and I'll fill out all
the paperwork and I'll make sure you get
the certificate and they're like man
cool great they take and they bring it
up and they will they will bring it back
like at the low guys will try and fuck
it fuck you over hmm
but at the medium that guy the next week
shows up we show up here's your stuff
man because because things can go wrong
in the medium men want more respect for
one another and okay so he was funny you
would think at the higher levels yeah
you'd have less respect but the higher
levels guys are more respectful for one
another because the consequences are so
bad right at the low they're jerks to
each other because you're at a low and
you want to stay there so you're not
gonna stab someone it'll oh although it
happens yeah because you want to stay
there people are a lot more ruthless and
yeah diems so right and pins and that's
one thing so anyway I end up leaving so
300 sorry how often were the classes how
like how many a weaker oh it's like one
or two a week okay at one point I was
teaching two classes and and what kind
of stuff are you teaching them my
teachers basic real estate like like how
to buy houses yeah okay I'm gonna yeah
how to get how to get a loan how to get
a hard money loan okay what they should
be paying what they charge wasn't the
you know how to write up a what the hard
money lender is gonna be looking for how
to determine is this house you know
worth buying you know um you know you go
through the whole thing pulling permits
whether or not you know you should pull
a permit or not I mean technically you
change a toilet you're supposed to pull
a permit but yeah nobody does that so
you kind of just go through the motions
with them right you know in explain to
it I how it always sounds good yeah I
bought this house for forty thousand I
put twenty in it I sold it for eighty
you know and people like you know oh man
you made twenty thousand dollars it's
like no no I didn't you don't you know
it sounds good
mmm it's always you know you things go
wrong
got stolen that got stolen it's a pain
in the ass I had to clean up glass in
the front yard I have you know it's
always I was think you're gonna make
30,000 you make 25 and if you think
you're gonna make 30,000 you end up
making 25 you feel like you got screwed
out of $5,000 I mean it's it's just it's
all it's like being a professional
construction worker and it's just it's
tight it's a tough business yeah so but
I go through it all and they all think
they're gonna get out and flip houses
and they just psyched up and get pumped
up and yeah and it was so funny too
because she'd been running your own
youtube show out of there and
live-streaming it you would have had a
millions of followers it was great too
because it was like it was so amazing
because they would walk up to me after
class and be like hey man it was good
class and shake my hand really yeah it
was like and I was like you have to have
five or six guys every class shake in my
hand I feel I wanted to look around I
thought being punked shaking my hand
this guy's got 30 years he's a crack
dealer and he's shaking my hand and you
guys are telling me that you know man
I'm gonna do this when I get high
probably really helped him you probably
gave him you know I mean gave him some
sort of hope for you being a drug dealer
he's probably is a real asset in that
because you know he'll yeah because
there are hustling it is it's hustling
right and they don't mind going up and
talking to people or knocking on doors
and arguing with contractors and said
exactly so it's one of the few thing and
I tell him all that and they would get
excited and yeah I'd go through all the
process so it was a good class everybody
loved that class so what school I had a
waiting list so but I did that and then
eventually I ended up getting moved to
the low mm-hmm so now I'm getting I'm
moving how how long did that take three
years three years three years oh man
just the worst so that the medium was
just some saying was this I although
what was great about it was I did have a
my owns I had a cell with it with a good
cell II he was a good cellie
he was an ex gang member he had already
done 13 years a Mexican guy Mexican guy
13 years for manslaughter
mm-hmm or attempted murder sorry so Tim
in Texas and then as soon as he got out
he thought he was going home they picked
him up for re-entry and the feds hit him
for something like seven or eight years
saying I mean just he could not get a
break but he was he was a good guy so so
anyway I go to the low
I get to the low it's getting to the
point where I realize you know you know
what gets you through it it's you know
hope right
you know everybody's like hiking I
remember always tell everybody always
like I have a buddy named tree on a tree
I was like man I can't I couldn't do it
I was like it's funny because when I
first got arrested I had met a guy and I
met the guy and this guy who'd been
locked up in the state and was now doing
some bout to go and do some federal time
for a gun and he'd been locked up for
like ten years in this state done some
time he was going in the feds
so remember he said or was it the
opposite anyway so I remember he I said
man I just it had only been a month or
two I've been in County Jail I was like
I can't do this I can't do this he goes
here's well this is a great thing you
don't have to I go what do you mean and
he goes you don't have to do it he goes
they're gonna make you do it
so it's effortless on your part you just
have to enter yourself entertained yeah
and I was just like that's horrible it's
a horrible thing to say but you you come
look at it
but it seemed you know you start to get
to the realization where you you're
gonna do the time there's nothing
there's just nothing you can do so
really it's just about entertaining
yourself mm-hmm so so what happens is
you know the other thing he told me
which I always thought was what's
interesting he told me and you're gonna
believe this but you're gonna meet some
of the best people you've ever met in
federal prison I was like that's never
gonna happen because I mean I'm sitting
there like these guys are scumbags you
know that's not gonna happen is you will
meet some of the best people you've ever
met in federal prison you'll build some
great relationships and good friend
lifelong friends in federal prison he's
and there will be moments he said when
you will be hanging out with a bunch of
guys laughing your ass off he said and
you will look up and you will think
these are great guys there's no place
I'd rather be
this is it these are these are this is a
great moment and I thought that's never
gonna happen
broke like three four years later I was
playing risk with a bunch of guys we've
been playing for two days and there's
like four of us and we're screaming and
yelling at each other and laughing our
asses off and double-crossing each other
and we're drinking sodas and we got like
the soda guys bringing us
old sodas and popcorn and we're on the
yard and it's were laughing I mean just
to the point where your stomach hurts so
bad you're just you're in tears and
you're cracking up and I remember
looking up and thinking this is a
amazing this look great I'm this is a
great time these are great guys Wow and
I remember thinking fuck it's exactly
what that guy do and I had several
moments like that Wow couldn't laugh
with you wake up the next morning your
stomach hurts you're laughing you know I
you were then laughing that much so I
end up going to my go to low I'm
teaching the real estate class I I end
up wanting to write a memoir write about
what cuz I've been contacted by so
you're still teaching the class in the
low right okay well actually what
happened was just prior to that I'd been
contacted by American greed they wrote
me a letter saying they wanted to
interview me and I called my lawyer and
I said hey last is when I was still in
the medium I forgot this I called my
lawyer and I said hey I got a letter
she's I got the letter to US Attorney
got the letter to Gail McKenzie she's
already called me she wants you to do
the interview hmm I said okay well way
to say the last time I did an interview
she's no no she said she she's mad she
sent me an email I said was it a
guarantee she wouldn't you know they
won't do that but she said she will she
will consider it substantial assistance
and put it with the other one and she
believes that it's enough to give you
you know to give you a reduction okay
and I said okay great can't hurry right
right
like what choice do I have you know
right so I do it yourself right I do the
interview like they won't let the
cameras in because it's a prison in
federal prison doesn't really let
cameras and most of these times you see
these guys on their usually state or if
it is federal they're still in the
marshals custody because I was
interviewed by Dateline and I am on
camera however I was in the marshals
custody hmm so once you're in BO P
Custer did not let the cameras in so
anyway I end up going to the warden's
office and talking on the phone for like
two days or something too you know for
several hours to American greed and then
they they barely use any of it so they
run the they end up running the
the end of running the whole episode a
whole episode I know I only I saw it
once I got out everybody had seen it
that guys coming up to me they'd seen I
kept missing it I never did get to see
it till I got it is there anywhere
online where people listening can find
that um no I mean I sent you the link
remember can you make that link
clickable from your website the problem
the reason I can't is because when they
gave it to me they said like they said
first they wanted me to pay 350 and I
had $350 and I said no no I said I was
on I explained you wanted to watch it I
just want to watch it right so they gave
it to they gave me the thing they said
but it's not available it's for you to
watch if you're not sure you can't share
it you know it's not to be licensed it's
not to be made publicly available and to
be honest I don't want to get sued you
know you've seen it it used to be on
Hulu when I first got out I watched it
on Hulu so uh so anyway so I end up
doing the American greed yo and they air
it and my lawyer contacts US attorney
and says look at aired Dateline and this
and she says okay and she goes well well
we need you to reduce it his sentence
and right she says well you know the
problem is I'm just not sure let me
think about it so she drags her feet
drives her and finally she comes back
and she based she says listen it's just
not enough I mean there's no arrest I
don't know what to do let it she's we
don't know what to do I mean I feel for
mr. Cox but that's just the way it is so
about the same time this is happening a
guy named Jim monstrum contacts me and
he owned the loaner national loan
origination school and all mortgage
brokers have to take like 12 hours or
nine hours of continuing education and
like three hours of that is ethics and
fraud and he came to me and he said look
I want you to write an ethics and fraud
course with me so I can teach it during
the continuing education one do a whole
course I said okay well I mean that's
great
I call my call my attorney she calls the
US Attorney US Attorney says I want to
talk to this guy he flies in they all
get together they meet at the US
Attorney's Office they all have a
conversation she says look definitely
I'm going to do
then he definitely has to do this this
is huge I can definitely make an
argument that he deserves his sentence
reduced if he does this so I write nine
nine ninety five hundred word course I
write the whole course I do everything
he starts teaching it we go to apply to
them to ask them okay can you follow
sentence reduction and she says yeah
it's just not enough so at that point I
by that point I got I had been moved to
the low what's the point of getting you
to do all this stuff if she is seem like
she wants you to do this why does she
want you to do she's continually being
interviewed you know she's like a media
hound you know she likes the mo because
she's being she's being interviewed no
she's definitely being interviewed and
it makes her look like a big-shot and
she's the one who's always like mr. Cox
told millions and millions and millions
was always like really jackin it up like
it was huge like it was it was like okay
you're making things worse than they are
and and it's untrue so you know a lot of
the stuff was untrue that she's pumping
up and she knows it so anyway the point
is is that I am now I'm just doomed I'm
just fucked you're doing I'm doing the
time and so I'm kicked back and I'm
doing the time and I'm thinking to
myself and everybody always I remember a
tree on my buddy says man you got 26
years hi man how are you going to do
that are you gonna have to do what 23 I
said yeah I was going to use your out
date was 2030 I went well I never
thought I was gonna go to 2030 I was
thought at 10 years they'll move me to a
camp and I'll just leave there's no
sense there's no fences I'd have 10
years to go you move me to a camp at
tent with 10 years I'm not fucking
staying what does a camp
a camp is you have a you have pins well
you have a TX which is in Colorado where
they put people under the ground and
it's a it's for terrorists and stuff
then you have the motor El Chapo is that
yes so in like the shoe bomber and all
these terrorists and stuff that's where
they a lot of them end up so you've got
a TX then you have pins like Coleman has
to Penitentiary's then you have mediums
the bulk of the system I think is
basically mediums because that's
basically what you think of is like a
real prison
yeah and then you have Lowe's and then
you have camps camps have no fences
typically there's a few that have fences
but even though since as you can jump
them basically you'll have like 200
people there 150 guys you'll have like
two guards and they sit in a room
because you're basically on out custody
is that where you can do work release
programs right you could write that sort
of thing okay so there's just you know
can't the camps and the camps are just
outrageous I mean guys are like jumping
the fence going to getting McDonald's
coming back guys are jumping the fence
going in robbing 711s and coming back I
mean there was an Atlanta these guys are
like they're all drunk all the time
they're you know it's it's insane they
all have cell phones they're all taken
pills and it's outrageous but they were
saying look you know you always assumed
at ten years I could have gone to a camp
because I came in with camp points so I
was thinking of myself I'll go to a camp
and I'll leave so basically by the time
I kind of started putting that together
you know I've been locked up I had like
10 years to go in my mind I was like you
got 10 years you really had like
20-something years ago but I was just
thought man I'll just go to a camp and
leave because I mean that's just you're
trying to say anything to get yourself
through it yeah exactly it was that
whole hope that little light at the end
the time right anyway I good lo I'm
there and I decide I'm gonna write a
memoir so I end up writing a memoir and
while I wrote that memoir I read a bunch
of books on whatever like two books on
how to write memoirs I read a book on I
read like like non-fiction writing for
dummies or something which is actually a
great book
so I read these books and what's funny
is it you know you really have to kind
of learn about yourself you know does
that make sense like you I got locked up
and initially when I got locked up it
was everybody else's fault
and you start reading about yourself and
about memoirs and about how to what
helped shape you who you were how did
you get here you have to do some
internal you know thinking about
yourself you start to realize you know I
realize kind of like you know I put me
here nobody else did
I made all those decisions I'm just a
douchebag right I fucked up I've made
some selfish decision I'm extremely
narcissistic
I'm extremely self-centered I tend to
dominate Commerce
Asians it's difficult for me to take
interest in other people I mean I have
some major fucking problems
you know I'm extremely entertaining well
it's I mean that's huge to be able to
recognize that I mean that's huge that's
a huge I mean
but what's yeah but I'm saying that's
well it's funny is I'm in prison reading
this and I'm like and you're realizing
all of it yeah I'm going that's me where
I would have never said that before had
someone actually accused me of being a
narcissist or arrogant or anything I'd
be like that's bullshit you don't know
me you know right now you know what you
do know me because you start to see
yourself and you as you really are and
so it you know it's it's it's humbling
you know to realize that yeah and then
start to see it in other people you know
and see yourself in other people so you
know anyway
I end up writing a memoir while I'm
writing that memoir guy named Ephraim
Devereaux Lee is comes on the compound
Devereaux Lee is a Devereaux Lee was in
Rolling Stone magazine Debra Lee had he
and another guy named pack house had
sold military weapons and ammunition to
the US government and he'd ended up
selling a bunch of Chinese ammunition
which was embargoed and he got in
trouble
Rolling Stone did a big spread on him by
a guy named G Lawson so I mean I read
the article and somebody told me hey you
know that article the other day in
Rolling Stone about the gun kid and I
was like yeah they cuz that's him right
there I was like fuck so later on I went
up to him and talked to him and said hey
man my name's Mack Cox you know you
ought to think about right I read you
that article on you you ought to think
about writing her memoir and he was like
oh I couldn't write it no more I'm like
ADHD and bipolar he said I couldn't pay
attention nothing I couldn't do he was
real dismissive I said well if you need
any help I'd be willing to willing to
write an outline for you or work with
you on an outline you could probably
send it to a ghostwriter on the street
and they could ghost write it for you
you still have plenty of money obviously
and he's like yeah I'll think about it
so anyway a few like months go by and
virtually after several months I had
basically was finishing up mine I ended
up getting a literary agent and so I
convinced so Devereux Lee comes to me
and he says hey I'm you know I I
definitely I want to do it that sort of
things
we end up doing this right I'd end up
writing this book for him and so then he
ends I'm not gonna get all into it it's
too convoluted it's about another story
it's a whole nother story he ends up
leaving with the memoir gives me a big
bear hug tells me I know more than
anybody in the world all completed for
him
of course right well I wrote the whole
thing right I take you to write it about
three months okay which is quit really
really quick but God he had a ton of it
he had all of his evidence and his
sister was doing all research for me so
if I was like hey Liss and he told me
about this or I I'm sorry I'd sent her
an email say he told me about one time
this happened at this do you remember
when this plane blew up and can you look
up some articles BAM she'd send me all
these articles yeah was that again his
his sister was doing research for me and
he had like tens were you in contact
with all these people that he worked
with and his family and he had like ten
or had like ten or ten different boxes
of evidence under his bed and the
walkers and everything so if I said hey
in there with him yeah Wow well he's
fighting his case okay so you know if I
said hey do you have your transcripts
from that of course I'll bring to you
tomorrow he'd show up with stacks of
transcripts I had to read and pull out
stuff and so I end up writing this book
he leaves with the book Warner Brothers
according to his uh his lawsuit Warner
Brothers ends up getting a hold of the
manuscript okay and they use his
manuscript and this guy he lost in the
article that that in Rolling Stone
magazine they'd bought the rights to the
article and they used the article plus
hid the book that I wrote at the
manuscript to supposedly write the movie
war dogs directed by Todd Phillips right
and with a Jonah Hill plays Deveraux Lee
right and it's funny because you know
anyway you know he's a scoundrel he
plays a scoundrel you really do I mean
you know Jonah Hill did a great job so
that that movie gets made and then is it
that he really is it pretty accurate
it's it's accurate only I think that I
think Deborah Rowley is is more cunning
more vicious okay you know
so how how how OnPoint is the movie -
like the manuscript hero did they go did
they veer off oh they definitely beard
off okay what they did was they they
took scenes that were definitely scenes
from my manuscript but they swapped
characters like they changed them they
altered them certain ways things that
were certainly not in any of the other
books they're definitely taken from my
manuscript but then instead of set
having Devereaux Li like in the movie
pack houses girlfriend is against the
war and there's all these arguments
being pack Isles and his girlfriend
about the war she doesn't like the war
she liked him selling weapons the so
she's against it in real life that was
Devereaux Lee they just swapped the
characters Oh
so pack house didn't have this great
apartment it was that was never there's
all these things that never Rolly so
they just swapped them because they
couldn't because they had pack houses
life rights not Deborah Lee's so they
just swapped the two Wow but anyway so
so what were you doing when you found
out this movie came out oh I'm I'm in
the I'm still in prison Devereaux Lee
stop talking to me my literary agent
stopped talking to me so the two of them
are now suing warrant were then suing
Warner Brothers who Devereaux Lee and my
literary agent they are teaming up and
suing Warner Brothers and nobody's
talking to me and we telling me I've
never gotten that they're not sending me
money they're not answering calls I'm
writing letters I mean that's like I
said that's a whole nother story the
point is is this I I sue them they sue
me they sue Warner Warner they end up
there's all these things I don't I know
confidentiality agreements I don't want
to say what actually I know happened but
the bottom line is there's this story on
your website uh this is a memoirs not on
your website no okay no no no actually
the memoir is on the website I think you
can buy the memoir if you click if you
go there part of the story is yes the
story about me meeting him and writing
the book okay okay and then him getting
out in him filing suit against Warner
Brothers and the whole that that part is
there but then it kind of it I think I
end it with me filing a lawsuit and then
I don't say anything else because since
then things have happened we've had
mediations we've had several things so
that's currently going on hardly going
on okay so it's like told Shiva where's
the stuff there's some stuff that's
happening where's Devereaux Li right now
he's in Miami I saw him I saw him a
month or so ago about a month or so ago
I went down for the deposition and
that's a whole that's a whole nother
story man that's it's insane
so a matter of fact my lawyer might
actually be like so but I don't think I
said anything this is not already in
public record but there's other stuff
anyway so we're still sorry we're still
going back and forth anyway
so I write his well you know I'm writing
now so now I've decided I want to write
I remember Devereaux Lee had read my
manuscript my my memoir and he said it
was a he wanted me to write the story he
was that's the best thing I've ever best
thing I've ever read but in retrospect
after later I found out he'd actually
only red light like Zeus yeah you never
really read anything so I was like okay
well it's not really accomplished had
you read like three books so anyway so I
write his story then I end up writing
Marcus shrinker story okay which
shrinkers a guy that jumped out of an
airplane he in 2008 the fighting during
the financial crisis shrinker had ripped
off a bunch of people and the they were
coming to arrest him and he knew that he
was about to be indicted and arrested so
he takes his airplane up and he calls in
a distress signal saying oh the
windshield imploded I mean you know I'm
bleeding I'm bleeding uh and he sets the
autopilot hmm opens up the passenger
door and jumps out so he thinks the
planes gonna go out over so he try to
figure zone down a faked his own death
it's gonna go out of the Gulf crash in
the Gulf even if they find it they'll
think the body washed away right well
because he had opened up the back it
burned off too much fuel and Internet
running out of fuel about a mile or two
before the Gulf so it ends up landing on
a swampy area windshield is not imploded
we're not perfectly in tactically in
Tacoma going through the trees rips off
the wings flips upside down everything
but that windshields fine
they catch up with him a couple days
later in a campground and so I write
this whole story about him although
right away he comes to me and asked me
to write the story so I go okay so I
write this story but during the course
of writing the story very quickly I
realized he's a pathological liar
he's just blatantly lying to me he's
trying to blame everything on his wife
trying to say his white is all his
wife's fault and and so we end up going
back forth I basically convinced him and
eventually kind of conned the truth out
of him throughout the story and I talked
about that in the story the story's
actually on my website same thing just
read it it's right it's amazing did you
finish it you should I'm about about 3/4
with her I'm a slow reader that's why I
buy the audio version so I can listen to
all you know if you have an apple you
know you could just highlight it and
push speak yeah but I don't even have an
iPad that's got my without my laptop you
know how an iPhone oh yeah I guess I
could do it on my iPhone I do it all the
time do you hate reading I'll get some
text that's life don't like well the
robot just talks to you
yeah just whatever yeah I'll just
highlight it and push speak boom and
that's what I gotta fuckin do I can
barely read I'm Dyslexic I'm horrible
yeah so so what what happens is I write
that story shrinker hates the story when
I'm done with it and tells me I want
anything to do with it and you're an
asshole and I was like I told you
weren't gonna be happy yes why did he
hate it because he's a pathological liar
and you kind of exposed because I
exposed and I explained to him that I
explained to all these guys at the
beginning look you may not be thrilled
with the way I portray you but it's not
up to you you want me to write the story
this is what I do if not go somewhere
else get write your own story you can do
that right and they're like no no I read
the story you wrote on so-and-so it's
great I want you to do my story and
sometimes I say you know I if I say it
the way I see it it's a recurring thing
in a lot of stories a lot of famous
stories when they're translated by
storytellers like yourself in this
specific light there's a certain truth
to it where it's painted in from a
different perspective like your
perspective right and a lot of people
who you know have famous stories they
try to take them themselves and try to
paint their own picture of their life or
of
their experiences and it's never what it
is from when someone from the outside
it's very difficult to see yourself for
who you are yeah but the problem is they
want to do want to change it to how they
want it to be they they want it to be
how they like it and it's never it's
never accurate it's never as good right
right you want to you always want to be
smoother you always want to be more
charming you always want to have the
quick comeback and truth is within the
moment did I did I say it back that fast
no it took a minute you know I didn't
quite would say that smoothly or didn't
this that this didn't happen quite like
that you're always trying to especially
if you're telling your own story you're
trying to tweak it a little bit you know
cuz you genuinely see that I would
remember that was one of the things
about the one of the memoirs I had read
one of the girls said you know how it's
at the old joke is that I used to walk
to school five miles uphill both ways I
was a kid and she said if she had
written a memoir about herself and she
said I really did have to walk five
miles to the bus stop and then back
every day she was it was ridiculous when
I was a little kid well that was and
then she had moved well was she later in
life like 35 36 years old she's written
a memoir and happened to be taking a
trip with her husband and went by her
childhood home to see where she's grown
up she goes turns out the bus stop was a
quarter of a mile away from my house she
was but as an eight-year-old it seemed
like five miles away she said so did I
lie in the memoir no it's my memory her
memory is true to her you know they
always say that that argument that whole
there's three versions of the truth you
know your version yours and then the
truth right the truth is there is no
truth right because there's only two
people's version exactly so anyway so I
write I end up then I turn around after
shrinkers book I end up writing a story
about from this guy Doug Dodd and Dodd
comes to me and asked me if I'll write
the story for him he he's you know
please please please you know and I'm
like you don't really have a story it's
a drug story and I don't want to do any
drug stories and you know everybody
here's got a drug story there's like 80%
of but like just a ton of drug drug
dealers in the lows and mediums and just
over these guys your story is getting
passed around people are see yeah yes
you print out I print them out of course
you know you print them out and then I'd
have four or five and they'd be getting
passed around so I've constantly had
guys
to me hey I just read this story do you
have any others I'm Michael well yeah I
actually do and they go can I read it so
guys I didn't know we're coming up the
immediate Cox I just finished bail out
mm-hmm I'm like okay they're like do you
got any other ones like yeah I do come
by the unit and I'll give you one so I
write this guy Doug dodge story and I
convinced a guy to get a dot I end up
saying look I'll write your story but we
only if I can get you into a magazine so
I write a bunch of reporters and I out
of those reporters they write back and
one of them ends up saying look man I'll
pitch it try and get you in a magazine
it's an interesting story because I
don't read it in the story
I've written a synopsis of the story the
same synopsis is on my website so I
write it nice into this guy kee Lawson
because I remembered kee Lawson had
written Debra rollies and it was my in
with key to say hey I met Deborah Rowley
he gave me you know I've know Deveraux
Lee from prison by the way can you take
a look at this story so I wrote to
several guys Wiggy actually contacted me
and said look I'm very interested and so
he ends up getting it in Rolling Stone
magazine and we were supposed to write
the article together right because it
was it he took it from the from me took
my piece and basically barely even
rewrote it and then submitted it he said
hey guess what you're gonna be in
Rolling Stone magazine it's gonna be
from G Lawson and you know Matt Cox and
Doug Dodd I was like that's awesome well
just before just before it comes to
press he writes me he emails me and says
that uh the editor that Rolling Stone
doesn't want my name on the article or
God's just his I come to find out later
after I got out of prison and talked to
him that wasn't true so he yeah has an
excuse and then he turns around he sells
the options the film rights to it and he
gave Dodd
half of that and then I get a portion of
what Dodd gets so we have it so I get a
piece of that option it's been optioned
several times um who's supposed to do
that is it Todd not Todd Phillips is it
Todd Phillips supposed to do well was
that story
it's called oxy rush but I end up
getting a buck see rush yet on the on
the website it's off
thrush that's what I named it in Rolling
Stone it was called the dukes of oxy and
then I ended up getting a book deal for
Dodd and I had written it as memoir and
so the book deal that we got a book deal
with skyhorse publishing and it was in
it was in Barnes & Nobles and you know
all the book stores so I got it we got
an advance we got the whole it was it
was a book okay so we ended up getting a
book deal I wrote a whole book for him
and it was called generation oxy it's
great and it is a great book Dodd's same
thing one of those guys that when I
started writing about him he didn't like
the way he was portrayed he's like you
said did I well you know grow up in a
trailer park and I said no I didn't and
first of all I said you I said most of
your stories have there's trailers it
makes me sound like I'm white trash and
I'm like I mean what am I supposed to
say I mean you're in Hudson Florida it's
a bunch of white guys and growing up in
trailers your best friend that you said
was had a bunch of money was rich yeah
he lives in a trailer it's again but it
was a sweet double-wide only white trash
would say that so anyway they're all
driving you know they're driving up
trucks that's hilarious so anyway he's
uh so once again he wasn't happy with
the story necessarily either so happy
with me but but ultimately it was it is
a great story so and he was at the end
he was very happy with the book so but
there were times where he even like the
way I said this I said that so I
remember one of the chapters I called
upper-class white trash high class boy
no a upper-class and he was furious
someone needs to call me that problem
with that much of an insult people are
so insensitive yeah they are so what
ends up happening is I write that one
then I end up writing another story
mm-hmm I wrote a story called God what
was it I wrote one called
I mean it just goes on and on I mean I
wrote I wrote a story called you know
bent it about their credit card kid
which is probably the best story I have
okay
probably one of the best not the
probably one of the best stories I have
Bente is about a kid that grew up
homeless on the streets of Miami ends up
being this one of the most prolific or
credit card counterfeiters in ever I
mean it's it's a total catch me if you
can story if you read it just highlight
it and just push speak so okay I really
ought to do audio oh well just read them
all should I should be you know I've so
little time so I'm gonna do that we're
gonna do that we're gonna we got to
record them all and we got it we got to
post them on somewhere youtube channel
that would be great because they're got
a YouTube channel already we're just
gonna we're gonna record them all and
we're gonna post them on you do you know
that I'll help you do it
I keep getting things that say so-and-so
subscribe to your channel yeah well you
made a channel right and you left a
couple of comments on the video on the
first podcast right so they're seeing
your username in the comments they're
clicking on you and subscribing to you
but I don't have any content right but
they're still subscribing to you just
because that's how YouTube works you
don't have to there's channels that have
no videos that have thousands of
subscribers that's crazy
so yeah YouTube's a weird place man so
it's alright but they should go on there
if they see your channel subscribe
because there will be content on there
and usually I thought well initially I
thought they were subscribing to you and
then after I start cuz I saw some so
just subscribed it I was like okay and
then officially I read it I was like I
got like three of these that today and
I'm like this is me so because I was
thinking I need to tell Danny eight
people are subscribing to your thing you
know so anyway so I write that one I
write the credit card kid one what a
wuss what a great kid a great story I'm
not a kid Ian wears like thirty now but
just amazing amazing dirty now yeah he's
like 30-something so thirty years old
now I mean just if you read it you just
it's just it's one of those things where
you read it and you go that cannot be
possible and the whole thing is the
whole time I'm writing his story by the
way the whole time I'm writing his story
he would say stuff and I think there's
no way right there's no way he you know
listen the average counterfeiter when
they sell cards on like a credit card
forum let's say I'm a credit card
counterfeiter and you're in Germany or
something you order credit cards from me
fake you know um
counterfeit credit cards yeah order a
bunch of them blanks okay you don't
order but maybe
these guys have minimum orders like 20
or 10 because people want to order like
three mm-hmm it's not worth to makin
three it's only $30 you know so they
like now you got to order at least ten
you got to release whatever the amount
is he's selling hundreds at a time he's
selling them to Russian to the Russians
and Russian some guy running a karting
outfits out throughout Europe that
worked for the Russians so he's selling
a thousand he's selling 500 he's selling
huge amounts and I remember thinking at
one point bullshit it's no way then I
get his transcripts and he was caught
with like 400 cards you're sinning what
400 cards to one place 400 cars or was
it 300 I'd have to look at it for it to
be sure but right it doesn't matter 300
is outrageous the average guy gets there
like 20 so the numbers that he was
giving me were always verify for
instance how do you verify that somebody
was homeless he says he was homeless how
do I know you're homeless
I don't know that sure enough I mean
first of all I can't get your juvenile
record they absolutely Freedom of
Information won't allow that so ice
while I was sending out Freedom of
Information Act to verify other arrests
and things that had happened throughout
his life I end up getting a warrant for
him and attached the warrant is another
warrant from when he was a missing
juvenile and he was homeless and he had
been he had absconded or escaped from
the bridges which is a homeless facility
for homeless teens and it says he's a
Jew homeless juvenile I mean so I he's
homeless he said he was homeless it's
perfectly as verified I can verify now I
had like two or three pieces of paper
that list him as homeless right as when
he was like 15 and 16 years old still it
up getting his high school diploma which
I always thought find that amazing so
he's just got it's just literally on all
is I'm getting these documents it's it's
just phenomenal the whole story and
you're getting I'm getting indictments
and I can see this is him on the
indictment here's another he's this is
another one he's indicted here's that
you know you can you get all this stuff
and you get this the Freedom of
Information Act what's so funny about
getting it in is that technically you're
not allowed to have other inmates
material but because the see
and the SIS which runs like the internal
security they knew what I was doing they
would every once in a while they'd catch
something coming through freedom of
everything through the coming through
the mailroom and they call me into sis
and they would say and they would go hey
Cox we got an indictment on so-and-so
and then we also have this one this is a
police report and they go what's going
on I go I'm writing a story they go well
what's the story and I go okay listen
the kid was grew up homeless on the
streets of my and I tell him real quick
boom boom boom when they sit there and
they go that's a good fucking story okay
he's okay with you having this I'm like
do I need to call my mom and he knows
I'm get okay here I mean there was that
they were that cool with me
it was great I would every once while
I'd go and knock on the door after a
something was supposed to show up two
weeks earlier I'd knock on the door I'd
go ahead you have any mail for me and
they'd like hold on cocks see I think we
do have something yeah this and they get
a sealed package and give it to me they
go hey wait a minute
do I need to look at that I go now it's
just an indictment for a guy that it's
no big deal and they're like okay it was
really hilarious Wow
I got called in one time because a
homicide detective had called because
I'd ordered a bunch of I'd order a bunch
of documents for two witnesses from a
got another guy story I wrote called
indefensible were two of his witnesses
get that they died of mysterious sort of
that they died of overdoses they die end
up dying of overdoses they live about a
mile or two from the from the DEA agent
who gets indicted also and ends up
killing himself in the middle of his own
case the same agent that ended up
getting my buddy indicted so his two
main witnesses died mysteriously just
before the trial and he ends up going to
trial it doesn't have his witnesses and
the only real and and the guy that got
him indicted is this DEA agent so heat
my buddy ends up getting 20 years and
then the DEA agent ends up getting
indicted himself for a line in this got
my buddy's case who's now in jail I mean
it's just I know that I didn't a DEA DEA
agent ended up killing himself second
day of trial it goes home that night
sticks a gun in his and his mouth blows
his brains out
yeah that's what I'm sure the DEA agent
was responsible for the witnesses dying
though I mean I you know I don't know
that I don't know that but I don't know
that they both died the same chemical
compound that killed both of them they
were both witnesses they were both you
know one of them is a CI who's going to
get on the stand and say this guy had
nothing to do with it right the other
one is a guy who's gonna get on the
stand and say I'm the one to own the
place I'm the one opened it this guy
lives in California he doesn't live in
Louisiana he had nothing to do with the
running of the cop of the company Wow
instead my guy goes and he basically is
the guy that looks like he's running the
whole thing so the point is is so I
wrote that sort so once again I called
in there like we got got a D I got a I
got a homicide detective from Louisiana
calling me are you ordering documents
from a dead DEA agent that committed
suicide I'm like hey that's freedom of
information I died I need that I'm
sitting there arguing with them and
they're like well you got your own stuff
on dead people people are killing
themselves and I'm like Freedom of
Information Act I I need it so you know
that's one of the things that was funny
on the podcast like I was reading some
of the comments and some of these guys
like I don't believe what he's saying I
wouldn't believe this guy's DNA results
yeah it's like it's like I'm like okay
there's evidence you know I'm saying I
don't have to make it up I'm sorry that
you work at Walmart anywhere people are
lazy there's no saying and they the
comments are just like and the comments
say is the comments section is just like
road rage it's equivalent to road rage
somebody's in their car they're pissed
off about something they're mad at how
their day went and you fucking cut them
off they're gonna scream fuck and flick
you off fuck you but as soon as you guys
are if you guys were face to face in
that situation that would never happen
you know it's like when I said the whole
I have a degree in fine arts I must have
said it a bunch cuz people started
making these comments like oh they were
mocking me and I went through and I was
like one guy was like oh he went on and
on I said hey listen man I guess I said
a lot and I'm sorry my bad sorry came
back and said he comes back and says hey
bro no was all jokes man you're awesome
you're great and I'm like yeah they're
just trying to get some likes yeah or
trying to get get a rise out of some
anyway so a more really funny that yeah
someone were pretty clean so
the one guy said he'd take a shot every
time he says he's got every time and
then he says he's one guy said I've
already got alcohol poisoning I'm only
ten minutes in so I love it okay so I
end up writing I'm writing these stories
right I mean I write won cash and coke
I'll write cash logistics are pain I
write so I'm writing these synopses and
I'm also writing books okay and guys are
coming to me left and right with their
stories how deep are you into your
sentence right oh god I was 2,000 this
started it started in 2012-13 but here's
the thing at the same time I meet a guy
named Frank Amadeo Frank you've heard
because I think I mentioned his story
he's the guy who is he was a lawyer
he's disbarred he is a rapid cycling
bipolar with features of schizophrenia
and he has lost his rights he has an
actual guardian he stole a hundred and
eighty million dollars from the federal
government and was using it to try and
take over the world I mean literally how
did he steal do you think he thinks
God's talking to him anything's God he
thinks he's preordained to be emperor of
the world and he will have a serious
conversation with you about it and he
knows how insane it sounds and it's the
most amazing thing you've ever talked
about the whole time was locked up
twelve and half years I never met
anybody never met a criminal that was
literally a Bond villain
he's a Bond villain he is a James Bond
villain he wants to take over the world
because he's been preordained by God to
be emperor of the world and what's the
title of that and he's he's not a
drooling idiot he's a fucking lawyer
he's he's crazy but he's crazy brilliant
oh the name of that story is um oh it's
insanity it's insane it's insane this is
a guy who there was a coup there was an
attempted they that the the Condoleezza
the said in the Congo the the Congo
government said that he backed a
political coup or a coup to take over
the Congo he didn't he says
that's not what happened Mira keep mine
he's trying to buy airplanes he's trying
he's got a he owns a security company
that is like a small black water type
security come they're providing security
in Afghanistan he owns a company that
builds satellite a portable satellites
for the government he he owns all these
different companies and he's built
really building up like an internal like
little militia and he's planning on
taking over the Congo and then going
throughout all of Africa he told you all
this no there's a there's a there matter
of fact there is a documentary on him on
YouTube called nine days in the Congo
okay and it talks about how he had sent
these guys the Congo and they end up
getting the Congolese end up kidnapping
them and they say they were trying to
take - it was a military takeover I was
like a mmm they were gonna bei had guns
and they had this and he's saying that's
not what was happening I was just
backing a political candidate he had X
Secret Service agents working for him
FBI military guys I mean he's it's
serious Wow he got 22 years so anyway I
meet Frank and I go to Frank and I say
Frank and you know hey he's like yo Matt
yeah I've talked to you a few times how
are you doing I'm not good good Hugh man
to say I thinks he's takin over the
world so you gotta be you gotta be tread
lightly yeah you never know what Frank's
gonna do so he's bipolar so he's a how's
it going well look you know my buddy
told me to talk to you you know I got 26
years and he's like yeah I heard you had
a big sentence I'm like right I said
well here's the thing I did Dateline
this is I tell him what they told me
this is what the government told me what
my attorney told me and he goes well
your attorney didn't understand the law
because he the to get a sentence
reduction or a rule 35 you have to have
a rest or you can further the
investigation but it has to do with a
criminal matter and doing a public
service announcement isn't a part of
that or an interview isn't a part of
that I said well I don't have any
arrests this is what they told me to do
so
and he's like yeah well she
misunderstood the law so we compiled a
like yeah 'but you only have one year
from your sentence to file a 2255 mm-hmm
and he goes well yeah unless there's new
evidence he said so when when was the
last time you know so we start talking
and he says yeah I think we can get
around that I think we can do something
called equitable tolling which every
time they ask you to do something it
resets the one year and he said ones
last time I said well I just did this
ethics and fraud course and it just came
out but they just told me they wouldn't
give me a cent any sentence reduction
here's okay when did it when did you do
that I said this time he goes okay well
we'll go with that date so he I had
already talked to a lawyer on the street
and a lawyer on the street said there's
nothing they could do I was doomed so
you know it's just I I talked to Rory
back which was my literary agent he had
contacted his sister his sister said
there's just nothing he can do he'd
contacted another lawyer he said he
there's nothing he can do but my crazy
lawyer
frank says yeah I think I can get you a
sentence reduction what Frank doesn't
charge either by the way so what I don't
have anything to lose
right fuck it yeah let's go for doing
for him in exchange right Laurie no well
I did write his story but not then I
didn't write it then I wasn't even
planning on writing it then he just does
the P doesn't paperwork for a ton of
guys he's got like 30 40 50 he's working
like 50 people's cases at all times
understand he has sure he has guys that
do nothing but type for him he has guys
that do he teaches the legal research
class the ace crack I teach the real
estate he taught the legal research
class Wow which so he's training an army
of drug dealers and sex offenders to do
research on the on the legal computer
and type up people's motions he's got a
small wall really he's got a good-sized
law firm inside the prison so amazing
Wow
so he takes all my stuff he writes it
all up I send it in months later
government comes back and says
absolutely not yes what mr. Cox is
saying is true but he's
I'm barred means it's been more than one
year and in the ecwid there is no
there's no equitable tolling you know
there's no no that doesn't apply so ok
fine so we go then the judge comes back
says ok now then we file a retort then
they file a motion back and then we're
about to file another motion and
suddenly the government sends an emotion
and says Your Honor we'd like for you to
appoint a lawyer for mr. Cox so that I
could speak with so we can discuss
filing a rule 35 for him a sentence
reduction ok so we're willing to file a
sentence reduction for you Wow but you
understand it's how much now it's how
much right and they're saying you have
to drop your your your 2255 your motion
you've to drop this and we'll file
something so I don't really trust them
of course not they fly a lawyer down
lawyer flies down I meet her at Coleman
you know that take me live in the
lawyer's room and we sit down I said I'm
with the attorney client room and I sit
down with her and she says okay I've
read your motion and she says you know
Matt it's very well-written but you
really don't have a chance I mean it's
you're gonna lose that the motion and
she said I mean it's just it's not gonna
work
and I went okay she said but you did do
a good job I said well I didn't write
that and she who wrote I said Frank
wrote it and she goes Frank who I could
Frank amedeo she's who's that I said
he's a disbarred lawyer she's yet a
disbarred lawyer right you're right -
you're there was doing you legal work
she was in here and I went oh yeah yeah
I said really be honest I said it's
worse than that city's mentally
incompetent I said he's lost his rights
I said he has a guardian I said he he
thinks he's emperor of the world she was
what I said yeah there no he's mentally
he is he's got mental problems he's he's
crazy I said I mean I can say that
because he's legitimately crazy
I've got doctors that say he's crazy and
she's like and that's who did your legal
work oh we have because all the same
lawyers on the street said I didn't have
a chance she just Matt you don't have a
chance I go and yet they appointed you
no I said and yet they're already saying
they're willing to file a reduction for
me and you're here so I said who's crazy
I said you wouldn't have filed it nobody
else would right and she goes okay well
they're saying that they'll they're only
gonna give you one level
that's it mm-hmm she does but they will
bring you back in front of the court and
let you argue for more and I went I said
okay I'll go with that because that's
what Franken told me look just whatever
they offer you at tell them you want to
go back it in front of the judge so I
said I'll do that so I go to Frank I
explained it to Frank Frank says go back
argue so we go back we argue in from the
judge
mr. Cox did this mr. Cox did this mr.
Cox did that then the judge that we were
asking for like we were asking for like
nine levels off which would have been
like immediate release almost oh wow and
I don't lead I'd already done I'd
already done like seven or eight years
at this point well this was 2013 so I
done I'd done six six years no seven I'd
wait I'd done seven years so I go back
from the judge and the judge goes okay
and the government says Your Honor we
want you to give him one level that's 40
months office sentence and I'm we're
saying we want immediate release and the
judge goes okay okay well I've listened
to good government I've listened to you
and he said to the government said what
mr. Cox has done all these public
service announcements he said what
you're asking for one level isn't nearly
enough I'm thinking yeah he is mr. Cox
he said you're asking for nine levels
which would almost be immediate release
he said that was never gonna happen like
oh my god and he goes I thought about it
I'm giving you three levels Wow three
levels was seven years Oh
keep in mind every level gets smaller
and smaller as you go so like 40 the
next level would have been like 37 the
next level we've been you know it keeps
dropping out so it ended being like
seven years that's huge
which was a big deal but keep mine with
that seven years it recalculates her
gain time takes me from my out date
takes my out date down to light is it
too much time no okay
so sorry so what happens is I get seven
years off I go back once again when I
was in front of the judge and I had
talked by the way crying like a baby
I mean just pathetic crying it's just it
was the horror oh so you do that I'm not
no I just got so fucking ammo did your
whole life's on the line you know it's
it's just for and I mean I'm you know I
yeah I'm kind of a pussy okay so should
I just you know it's just it's it's just
such an emotional situation so you know
I go back to Coleman so instead of my
out date 2030 now it's like it's like
2024 low 24
high 23 basically start 24 okay so
because they recalculate you get your
game time you don't really get at seven
years off that because you remember you
get to chunk off to begin with so now
you're not doing as much time so you get
less game time so it's really not seven
years it ends up being like six years
okay so instead of 23 my out date be in
2023 is empty like 2024
so the point is is now it's like fuck I
mean it's still it's it's I've got like
nine more years to go right you know
it's ridiculous you know so I get there
I remember I went to Frank and I said
hey Frank I said he was I heard you got
seven years off I said yeah I said uh
and I appreciate it man I said uh
because we were hoping for half you know
I said but I mean I fuck I got like
eight nine years to go and he looked at
me and he goes how much time did he have
by the way you remember Oh Frank 22
years 22 yeah so Frank looked at me he
goes I said yeah I said it's still a lot
of I got like eight nine years left to
go and he goes like this he goes we're
gonna have to eat this elephant one
spoonful at a time he said you work
figure something out else out we're
gonna get this taken care of don't you
worry and I was like okay but you know
it was much more doable oh yeah you know
so so I'm still writing stories hmm I'm
still corresponding with a bunch of uh
with reporters and so
mm and this far like but this was
basically now 2014 so 2014 comes along
2014 comes along and uh and I'm writing
all these stories and my mom's coming to
see me and you know now I'm just
thinking okay well I've got I got my
nine years left I think I'd like yeah
I'd like yeah I had like nine years left
so eight or nine years I think I always
said like eight because I was gonna take
the drug program you get a year off for
the drug program I was like so you know
like a one day I'm sitting there and now
keep in mind to them's cutting my
sentence is unheard of for somebody that
did not have any arrests so keep mine
people don't understand right people
yeah right so didn't flip on anybody
that led to an arrest that led to an
arrest
I've trust me I tried you tried to try
to right so you know and that you know
and they're people you know he's a rat
he's this fuck you you do the time you
know I'm saying I mean you don't know
what you're talking about so the point
is is is that so that was just unheard
of and that's like Frank Abagnale stuff
you know catch me if you can he
cooperates with the FBI they get him out
of prison but you know if you've ever
read the book which I read both of his
books
one was catch me if you can the second
one was the art of the steal guess what
they didn't get him out of jail he did
all this time you know the movie you've
seen the movie oh yeah yeah remember how
at the end Tom Hanks talks to him and
they get him out of jail to come help oh
yeah
that's not what happened he actually
does all of his time he's actually
turned down for parole the first time
really he does all of his time he gets
out he's on probation he ends up
eventually working with the FBI
periodically really just teaches classes
at Quantico
okay and he and he teaches banks and and
then eventually opens up his own secure
donc document company where he makes
secure documents mmm he makes like
tickets that are hard to hard to
counterfeit you know for like the Super
Bowl stuff like that right so so I mean
I'm saying so people are like oh yeah
yeah like Frank so that's what happened
what like Frank Abagnale
no not like Frank Abagnale because it
didn't really happen with Frank Abagnale
okay but I prayed but I actually got my
sinister
reduce for for these things and for
writing the ethics fraud course so now
I'm sitting here so I'm still writing
the stories and I'm thinking ok well
fuck it I mean I'm gonna have a bunch of
books when I get out and a bunch of
stories and maybe I can do something you
know I start kind of having a game plan
and okay well if I write so many stories
and maybe if I can get a film agent I
could option some of these stories and
there was a guy named Jeff Jeff
Joshua Biermann who had come out with a
website called epic and he wrote the
story that became the movie Argo okay
for that about the hostages yeah yeah he
wrote a story called the Great Escape
which was in Wired
and it got bought by it was actually
bought like Matt Damon then it turned
into Brad Pitt then Brad Pitt sold it to
to um what's the guy's name that ended
up was in the movie uh Bryan Cranston
Bryan Cranston no no the guy that was in
the movie was uh in Argo Argo
what's up Bryan Cranston and Argo I
don't know if he was the lead role or go
the guy for Breaking Bad no no I'm talk
about Argo Argo
oh you're he was in it but he was like
the CIA director he's right I mean God
man God Ben Affleck Ben Affleck okay he
ends up buying it and getting it
produced so but I'm saying beer man had
come up with a concept I'm gonna start
writing stories I'm just gonna stick him
on a fucking website and let people bid
on them right option him that way yeah
so I thought that's what I could do I
could get an I could get a website going
I could put them on the website maybe if
I could get somebody on the street to
help me you know so I'm trying to figure
out something I can do from in prison
cuz the one thing you can do in prison
you're not allowed to run a business but
you are allowed to write books and
articles and sell them piece mail you
can't work for you I can't work for the
New York Times on a w-2 but I can write
articles and and and sell them and I can
sell them right you could be an
independent contractor for the New York
Times or a for Rolling Stone for but you
can't work on a w-2 getting an employee
yep so I thought I can start doing that
and it turns out and then Sean woods
ends up reaching out to me from Rolling
Stone and asked me to start sending him
stories story ideas other guys other
reporters start reaching out to me and
you know so things are going good right
so thanks
so and I'm writing books and this guy
comes on the compound by the name of Ron
Wilson Ron Wilson was like 66 67 years
old he comes on and he's a he is a a
gruff old guy pissed-off irritable and
he's he is from South Carolina he had
run a Ponzi scheme for I want to say 10
to 15 years okay where he stole 57
million I think he actually said he
stole over a hundred million or
something but he had paid out so much so
it ended up being a fifty seven million
dollar Ponzi scheme Wow where the bulk
of the money that he had taken is from
people for their retirement funds so
you're giving him your money thinking
he's investing it in silver and you
think that you've been giving him twenty
thousand every year for ten years and
you think you've got three million
dollars where the truth is you don't
have nothing so your whole retirement is
gone and you're 60 70 you're about to
retire he's done this for 57 million
dollars he's got forget how many victims
one hundred and some-odd a thousand
victims or something nine hundred
victims I forget with him dollar amount
was and so for some reason he didn't
talk to anybody somebody came up to him
you know that's a whole click thing
there's the white guy's a black eyes the
Hispanic guys that sort of thing so
there's a lot of sex offenders right so
one of this the white guys like the
solid white guys don't want to talk to
you nobody wants to deal with the sex
offenders and a lot of sex offenders
will come in and they'll say they're
here for fraud for some reason they
think they could get away with that
so but you get how does that how do they
get exposed for how do you get caught
lying very quickly you get caught
because for that one thing would happen
is this guy Kenny King would say cops
come here and I go out Christ what can
you this look and see this white guy
over here and I go yeah Kenny and you go
he says here for fraud go talk to him I
go to fuck Kenny I don't want to go talk
to the fucking guy he says he's here for
fraud he he looks like it you know what
they call sex offenders in prison they
called me
their pedophile no they call him Joe
Mose for child monster or they call him
Mose so they go he looks like I thought
I'd show mode to me and I'd be like I
don't give a fuck if he's at home what
bro don't talk to me go I don't want to
sit in the TV room with us see they got
the white TV room the black TV room the
Hispanic TV room he's like I don't want
him in that room if he's a sex offender
right and he goes go talk to him see if
he's in I'm like fuck so I go over and I
go hey man what's up my name is Matt I
said I'm here for fraud - I heard you're
here for fraud maybe I would like yeah
I'm here for fraud - okay what kind of
fraud yep that's all you need yeah I go
what kind of fraud and they go I
remember this is exactly conversation I
had a guy with the guy one time he goes
oh it was credit card fraud and I went
credit card fraud I said okay how much
times you get he goes um I got I got
four years three years is like the
minimum it's like a minimum mandatory
for sex offenders the most you can get
minimums you pretty much get us three
years because I got three years I went
okay so what were you doing it was
credit card fraud I said till you were
carding were you counterfeiting cards no
I was I was doing credit card fraud
I said garnishing but what were you
doing were you getting blanks where you
getting fulls where you buy him off of a
off of a forum where were you getting
the car right well I I was I was taking
a little bits of money out of multiple
people's cards and that's why I got away
with it for so long that's why I got so
much time so much time you got three
years and I was like that's not a lot of
time I went so how are you getting the
money out of the cards I don't
understand what you were doing he looked
at me was um it's it's it's not this
isn't a learning experience and I went
it's total bullshit okay and I looked
over I remember Kenny was sitting there
I looked at Kenny and I go
he's a chomo and I would just walked off
hey and every kid he goes he goes how
did you Kenny Kenny goes uh
how can you be so sure I said because I
said the bulk of fraud guys are
narcissistic and our arrogant they can't
wait to brag to you about their crime I
don't know if you noticed this I know I
know in the comments in the comments
that sir this guy's bragging he's a shit
yeah you're right i brag I come off
arrogant I
absolutely and I am you know it's not
that I don't know that what I've done is
wrong right but it's that I I get
excited about it I you know you I can't
wait to tell everybody hey look how
smart I look what I figured out you know
it's in it's fucking obnoxious but I've
never met a fraud guy that doesn't do it
he didn't do it and that's the one thing
they couldn't fake
you might even if he had his story down
and he knew what he was doing right his
character was his characters off mm-hmm
so I'm sure enough he ended up being a
sex offender and he I forget he's
downloading child porn or so you know
it's just there's so many weirdos so
anyway what ends up happening is so
Kenny sees me and Kenny goes hey Cox
this guy just got here they see that old
guy right there and I'm like yeah did he
go to Ponzi scheme it is a Ponzi scheme
guy Wilson he goes go talk to him
and I went fuck what I'm sure he wasn't
a chomo
yeah he looks like he might be a chomo I
remember I looked at him and I mean I
just looked at him I went now he's here
for fraud really oh you could just tell
how arrogant arrogant listen nobody
whole time I was there nobody ever came
up to me or met me for even a minute and
said sex offender right ever you talked
to me for two minutes you're like
fucking cocky motherfucker
yeah it ain't a sex attorney he's
fucking here for fraud or something so
sure enough I won Fox oh but I bet I
thought you know he is here for fraud I
could tell I just see it so I walk over
to him I said hey I said you just get
here and he's like yeah I mean did this
did one of these let me blatant yeah and
I'm like um I said they said you were
here for fraud I'm here for fraud - he's
like mm-hmm
and I said uh and he goes what you get
and I go I don't know like they said
like 15 million or something I said but
it was my dollar losses like six million
dollars and he looked at me he goes yeah
I'm 57 million like you're shorty trying
to outdo you yeah yeah exactly and I
remember thinking I said nice that's a
nice lick like that he goes yeah yeah it
was all right
and so now he's like you know he's like
yeah kindred spirits you know like I
said what was it what you do and he goes
it's a Ponzi scream I said what was the
conveyance what was the what you use and
he goes silver I said nice I said so
what how I don't what were you trading
the silver or a muse yeah I was
commodity I was trading the silver on
the you know I was silver dealer always
so he starts explaining it now he loves
me yeah I'm interested and we talk in
the same language
had how do you how did you get you
clients how did you get we start talking
to it's over he loves me yeah nobody
likes him why not well first of all he
was cooperating against other people
that had helped him okay um - how did
anybody know that though well because
they brought him back to court okay so
one day you just got sentenced and four
months later you're on the pack out list
those sorry the lists were there packing
your stuff up and you're moving so he
gets moved two weeks later he's back
where'd you go it wasn't two weeks
there's like three weeks later he comes
back where did you go for three weeks
you didn't go to another prison and get
transferred you went back to court and
came back maybe it was a month or so but
he left and came back I first time I
think it was only like three or four
weeks I don't think he made it the first
time like they they changed the court
date so they sent him back mm-hmm then
like two months go by they do it again
everybody's like he's cooperating right
fucking guys he's being moved back and
forth he's cooperating so you know and
and so one they don't like him cuz he's
a snitch even though like I said at
Coleman fifty percent of the population
at Coleman's basically sex offenders the
other 50% of the population 90% of them
cooperated so you know basically like I
said out of every unit out of 150 guys
you got about six guys that didn't
cooperate okay so you've got all these
guys who took please well you know who
didn't cooperate the guys that ones
trial very few people are out of trial
so you went to trial you lost you said
you didn't cooperate mmm so you got the
guys that took pleas which all
cooperated sitting there San fuckin
snitch you fuckin snitch you had a 25
your sentence you're doing 15 fuck you
cock shut up yeah you know I'm saying
right how did that happen
right you're talking about but see you
know I you you're there long enough guys
start talking about their case and as
they say stuff all I got call with
fucking 10 bricks and you're thinking
Boop that's a 25 year minimum mandatory
how's this guy doing 15 right they just
slip up mm-hmm so the point is is uh is
uh they don't like him for all the wrong
reasons
so but he liked me so we started walking
around and hanging out and everything
and he was particularly could be a
particularly vicious person he also had
moments when he cried about his crimes
just in tears talking about him and
other times when he would talk about
doing something absolutely vicious we're
talking about taking some woman who's
got like multiple sclerosis and taking
her last dollar and she thinks she's got
a million dollars in the bank and she
hands over three or four hundred
thousand dollars and he just pisses it
away
and it's like fuck she thought you ran
it up to over a million dollars in a
year and what'd you do with it he owes I
think I bought this antique carriage no
what is yeah he bought a lot of antiques
he's always beautiful and I also but
it's like are you serious and you're
like fuck I mean she's got multiple
sclerosis he's like so what and you're
I'm saying was those kind of one minute
he was he was a complicated guy yeah so
anyway the point is that I'm walking
around with them and he keeps talking
about how he actually literally dug up
money he had money buried in in
ammunition cans these big tin cans he
had money buried cash and actual gold
and bullion and and uh and silver so
when he got caught eventually he goes
and actually digs up the money and gives
the Secret Service several million
dollars Secret Service always thought
that there was money he had hidden and
they were arguing with him he was saying
that's not true they're like I got fifty
seven million you only put aside a
couple million come on bullshit he's
like what he's on but I also had the
money in the bank that you got in there
like now you didn't give us all the
money but they couldn't prove it mm-hmm
it's too complicated there's too much
cash involved and that's what I think
yeah so we're walking he's like yeah I'm
really worried about this I said don't
worry about
they're gonna you're gonna cooperate
they're gonna give you a sin instruction
no they're not they're not they're not
he said they're gonna they're gonna fuck
me you watch it just like they're they
fucked you and you're I'm like oh well
then you'll follow 2255 and we'll have
Frank do and you'll be fine yeah yeah
you know just keep doing what you're
doing and we'll take it will be taken
care of
so this goes on for months and months
and months he's going back and forth and
so one day we're walking around and he
says you know I got fucking like eight
years left
best case maybe nine mm and this is 2016
at this point no mm yeah 2015 mm-hmm I
think it's 2015 I'd have to check I
don't quote me on the record so so we're
walking one day and he says uh I'm
really worried about them this the money
there I think they're gonna they're
gonna find that money they're gonna look
for that money I'm like I you don't know
if they're looking for it all they're no
they're they're gonna fuck me over I go
pro I said listen what are you doing if
there's no money hidden which he told me
on our times there's no money I said
there's no money hidden they can't save
that they'd have to find the money so
you're good I said so don't worry about
it he goes I go what are you worried
about he goes he looks at me he goes can
I trust you and I go I remember
specifically said probably not and he
goes he goes I did put away some money
I went really I said to bury it he goes
no I gave a hundred and fifty thousand
dollars to my wife but now she's
divorcing me
now we're getting his wife hates his
guts because he was having an affair
with this woman she found out during the
course of the whole thing she finds out
he's been having an affair for a couple
years
she hates his guts he's like she hates
my guts so much she'll probably turn the
money in I said nah I said she's been
hiding too long she'll get in trouble at
this point and he goes I don't know I
don't know and so I keep walking and
we're walking and walking and then he
says he says I said so it's $150,000 I
said you know we're not gonna find it
goes well problem is my brother my
brother's got some money - he's got like
30 grand and I went okay so your brother
he was well at least
interviewing but they're not going to
relax you're gonna be fine and I
remember walking around thinking did he
just tell me he's hidden Ponzi scheme
money did he just fucking tell me that
and I remember thinking is that enough
for me to get a sentence reduction for
the first thing that you thought of
first thing I thought of I mean look I'd
love to tell you you know that you know
all I struggled with it and I did
struggle with it I laid in bed for about
a month or so telling myself would
probably a month laying in bed thinking
that's not enough it's not that I had a
problem cutting his throat no problem at
all right I don't want that guy he
doesn't give a fuck about you you don't
care about me I don't care about him
I've seen too many fucking guys make the
mistake of maybe not saying something
like not telling on somebody and then
like I'm not I just took a plea and went
to prison and did my ten years like I
told you about the one guy like tough
guys who yeah yeah fuck that I'm not
gonna tell on nobody I'm not gonna tell
fuck that and they they get 10 years and
I'm not gonna tell him my buddies and
then their buddy gets caught I told you
about the one guy who got like 12 years
then then these other two guys get
caught first thing they do is that he
could have told on them he doesn't then
they get caught for something else first
thing they do is they tell on him he
gets another ten years he ends up doing
20 I mean I've seen that happen several
times so they thought they had too much
dignity they had too much self-respect
to snitch on somebody that's right I'm
not gonna break the code I'm yeah yeah
there is no code and then those guys
ended up turning up flipping on a horse
not just that the you know many times
people were like not they will not
cooperate they won't cooperate against
someone and then the moment they get
sentenced and sent to prison
that person cuts them off they don't
send them money they don't come see them
they don't do anything
so and then they end up getting busted
at six months later or a year later cuz
they're still fuckin selling drugs or
doing something and then they they try
and get you in trouble or even if they
don't it doesn't matter the point is is
that and it telling you because you were
a buddy of mine and then you fucking
abandon me right you know the whole
Martha thing is that while I'm in prison
you'll help take care of me and my
family you'll you know
no that's not what happens it's it's a
fucking lie it's fiction right so most
white-collar criminals and drug dealers
and everybody across the board 90% of
them basically roughly cooperate so sex
offenders like I said typically don't
have the option if there's no one to
cooperate offer against you're on a
computer you're looking at some guys
looking at porn child porn they bust him
right
who's gonna cooperate against it's just
him alone in his room yeah so the point
is is that so I I think to me I had a
like I told you earlier I had another
guy on the podcast mafia guy who
basically said that there's there's no
there's no nothing in the Mafia there's
no code that code is broken constantly
in the Mafia even right nobody does not
snitch on somebody else there's always
guys that are rolling other people
flipping other people and there's no
code of honor it's broken constant yeah
it's over it's it's it's just full and
if you in that's how he ended up getting
all his time right yeah and what's so
funny is that people will sit there you
got some guy who works at fucking
Walmart who's like fuck dad I wouldn't
say anything you work at Walmart don't
tell me how to be a fucking gangster
okay you're not fucking tough guy you
would exactly you work at Walmart stop
it all right so you've got those guys
who sit there and they've watched they
watched a couple of movies and they
think they know how it is but you don't
know shit till that fucking door locks
and nobody'll answer your calls somebody
else is calling your kid down or your
dad your your kids calling somebody else
daddy and your girlfriend's answer the
fucking phone and you're going fuck god
that's gonna be the fucking worst
feeling it's the worst the guys that
have lives and shit and go to prison for
five years and they're on the phone on
Saturday morning why did you fucking
into the phone what the fuck were you
quit nasai out Jesus bro what are you
doing there's torturing themselves it's
horrible it's horrible so you know it's
it's just that whole thing is just it's
it's a fucking myth that's bullshit it
was always funny is that if your if your
daughter your son got raped or killed
and the neighbors saw the person you'd
want him to cooperate oh for sure I mean
you know if so-and-so had stolen if your
parents had lost their life savings and
I knew where that money was and I could
help get your
parents life savings back you want me to
cooperate it's great people just don't
want you to cooperate when they're
involved so so Wilson tells me this and
I'm like oh you're gonna be fine you're
gonna be told you where the Ponzi scheme
money was sister yeah some of the months
he's just told me a little bit or he
gave it to individuals he didn't
actually have cash hidden like right he
gave some cash to his wife who now hates
his cuts that's a problem and to his
brother who's like a devout Christian or
something okay so he's concerned and I
said you're gonna be fine I'm sure it's
no big deal it's just no big deal so I
lay in bed thinking fuck should I say
something they didn't want to give him
anything last time the US Attorney was
pissed they gave me seven years she's
not gonna give me anything this time so
I thought so I go to Frank and I mention
it to Frank no you did yeah I went to
Frank and talked to Frank and Frank went
I don't know man he said I'm not there
it's whatever it is we're gonna have to
fight whatever happens so I end up
having to call my attorney because I
needed to get my transcripts because I
was I was wanted to get my new
transcripts to kind of put them in my
memoir you know because I got my
sentence reduced and I wanted to be able
to pull some excerpts out of the
transcripts even though it had been a
few years so I call her up and I'm
talking to she's everything going what
else I got it I got you I'm gonna set
him to you and everything else going
okay and I was like yeah everything's
fine she is okay anything happening you
know anything you want to talk about and
was almost like she read my mind I was
like yeah yeah there is
listen this guy and I tell her and she
goes oh my god that sounds like a rule
35 to me just let me call the agent
what's-his-name and I said I was named
it's like Tom Griffin or something
Secret Service out of out of South
Carolina says well let me look it up and
while she was on the phone she actually
looked it up I was like oh wow this guy
stole a bunch of money oh yeah yeah hold
on let me check it out like two weeks
later I get suddenly an officer comes to
me and goes cocks you got to go to sis
I'm like okay so I go to sis walk in sis
officer goes cocks come in here I go
what's up he said I don't know I just
told to put you on the phone with this
guy because the phone
boom he was hey I got Cox here right now
hold on hands into my go hi he goes this
is Tom Griffin Secret Service special
agent with the Secret Service out of
South Carolina it's my understanding
that you know where
we're Wilson hit some money and I'm like
fuck I'm like yeah but straight to the
fucking pancha like what's going on he
said how much I said yeah but it's not a
lot of money and it's it's not what you
think it's not millions he said I don't
care how much it is I got nine hundred
victims blah blah I was like okay well
it's not a lot of money I said but I
want something from the government that
says they're gonna consider money he as
well well we're gonna get you as well
I'm gonna get you he said don't worry
I'll make sure you're you get
cooperation for this and we're gonna get
your sentence reduced for this now youse
up I'll make sure you get Spacely he
said something like a rule 35 for this I
said well you're not in a position to
offer that I said you and I both know I
already learned your lesson you don't
have authorization any anyway I said I
need the US Attorney to say that they
will consider the recovery of a
substantial amount of money as
substantial assistance and reduce my
sentence because that's what Frank told
me to say right and he said it has to
they have to say they have to agree that
money will be considered it cuz I didn't
think it was enough money mm-hmm that
they would charge these people so I'm
thinking nobody's gonna get charged
right they're just gonna recoup the
money cuz they go and they ask the wife
for the money
we know you got a hundred fifty thousand
she's gonna give it to him and they're
not gonna charge her that's that's why I
felt I thought so I just the recovery of
just the money so he's okay okay okay so
I end up he sends me this letter saying
this from the US attorney US Attorney
sends me I sends it to him he sends to
me I get him on my email on him emailing
him looking over my shoulder all the
fucking time you know what are you gonna
it's a horrible situation you know so so
I'm emailing this guy he sends me a
letter and he sends my lawyer a letter
from the and they say recovery of a
substantial amount of money we will
consider substantial substantial
assistance for a first sentence
reduction great cuz this is my US
attorney said this my new one my new the
new u.s. drink so okay so I I he starts
asking me questions to ask Wilson I
asked Wilson this I asked him at
Wilson's telling me I'm like hey
whatever happens
so and so you told me oh yeah this okay
that go back I said what he said this
that guy's not involved and he's trying
to get people who's roped in people
roped in I'm like them there is nobody
else right it's Wilson and the other
guys that you know about right that he's
cooperating with you again you mind
those two guys two other guys they end
up like pleading guilty so they're
they're done so they're now they're
saying now they don't want to give him
anything he's very worried so so he's
think he's not gonna get it and get
anything anyway so we're walking and
walking and I'm working with these guys
and trying to help them out but the
truth is all I knew was about a little
bit of money right so they go ahead and
they interview the wife so a wife comes
in and says I don't have shit I don't
have nothing on what you're talking
about she leaves the next day she comes
back and dumps like three hundred and
fifty thousand dollars and says boom in
cash gold silver I mean he said 150 so
you didn't say 150 no I said I told them
150 she turned over like three hundred
and fifty thousand dollars shit and I
was like and so he comes to me so the
Secret Service sends me an an email
saying listen Wilson's about to get some
really bad news like I don't want to be
specific but let me know what he says so
fucking Wilson comes up to me one day
he's like cocksucker talk to you I went
yeah what's up and he goes they they
questioned my wife she went in a couple
days ago and she didn't tell him
anything
that's good see I told you it is no no
she went back yesterday and she turned
in three hundred and some odd thousand
dollars in cash and another fifty
thousand and jewelry and gold and I go
fuck I thought she said it was like 120
or 150 and he goes I didn't really trust
you I went okay well okay well I said
fuck you so what do you think that means
for me I go
he had no suspicion of you know I said I
think you're fucked I said you really
fucked that's a fucked up situation cuz
now you've been lying what did she say
is all she said I gave her their money
and I went fuck yes I just you know I
don't know what's gonna happen now
he is they're supposed to interview my
brother in a couple days the interview
for the brother the brother walks in
with his litter knee and they say before
he says anything he'd like to turn over
this hundred and fifty thousand dollars
that were like half a million dollars
almost was that quite half a million the
total about them too now we're at half a
million almost so he tells me that
couple days later he finds that out
comes and tells me fuck
so once go by nothing happens eventually
the wife gets indicted the brother gets
indicted he gets rien de
they scooped him up and they take him
away
it's it last you heard of him last I
heard of him well no not last I heard
about heard of him
keep in mind he goes back and when they
indict him they give you your discovery
who do you think's all over his
discovery on his new case that cocks
nothing but me talking to these guys and
emails Wow he pleads guilty now
initially I was thinking okay well I
should get something for this I didn't
expect any and I got way more money
recovered then I thought well guess what
Wilson got six months added on to his
sentence that's it fit his wife and
brother got one got like a hundred
community hours and one got like three
or six months probation or maybe a year
probation so nothing virtually nothing
happens to them now what about you and
I'm thinking well if nothing happened
then fuck and I go back and I talk to
the unit to the agent I call him on the
phone and he says I said so what's gonna
happen have you made a recommendation
for me to get a reduction he said yep I
sent it a couple days ago I sent it to
your US attorney I said okay great he is
and I sent it to your attorney I said
okay great so I know I sent not he
didn't send to my attorney just sent
there to the US attorney too he said I
told your attorney about it I said okay
great call my lawyer my lawyer calls US
attorney they're not calling her back
this goes on and on and for months we're
talking about almost a year goes by and
that at that point it was 2016 I go to
Frank Frank oh did you keep
all the email that printed out every
fucking email I got everything and we
don't have a copy of what they
recommended you know or what they the
substantial substantial assistant
requests we don't have a copy of that
yeah so I filed a Freedom of Information
Act to get it and but we're not gonna
get it in time for the 1-year time bar
I'm a super sayin one of your time bar
we were gonna argue equitable tolling
again so we've put another 2255 in put
another 2255 in government comes back
and says he's time barred Jesus and on
top of that they say we don't know what
he's talking about
what they say this is common they go
your honor we nabbed by they said but
now that we've heard about this we'll
look into it
but either way your honor he's time
barred so now the judge has to rule on
whether I'm time bar tonight so then we
send in the letter from the US attorney
where he says I'll consider it
bla bla bla the name of the guy
everything and we send in the arrest the
the newspaper articles we send it to the
judge so judge now knows he's lying but
the judge comes back and says yeah but I
think I don't feel like I have
jurisdiction because I think you are
time barred however you can appeal it
and I'm gonna waive your certificate ah
there's a certificate that you have to
file for everything so I'm waiving all
that you can a directly appeal so fine
we then go ahead and we appeal so what
the government does our whole appeal is
they didn't file anything for me they
promised and they didn't and I did
everything I'm supposed to do more so I
need a sentence reduction so the
government comes forward and they sent
they filed for a one-level reduction
which would have been like it's like 21
months right nothing right so they file
for one level reduction we get it and
Frank immediately tests some guy type up
a thing saying we don't want the
reduction freeze the reduction we're
asking for an evidentiary hearing we
want to go back and present all evidence
in front of the judge please don't rule
on this one level we file that the judge
comes back and says I'm not gonna rule
on the but he now keep my hina because
they filed the that it gives him
jurisdiction I'm over the top
bar I don't know more time are they
fucked up when they filed that now it's
just a matter of how much am I gonna get
is it gonna be 21 months or 23 months
whatever it was or is it gonna be
however much so into anyway what ends up
happening is they give me another lawyer
the lawyer flies down she comes she sits
down with me and she says I read your
thing she said and I'd already talked to
a couple other lawyers on the street by
the way by this point to told him about
what happened last time they said yeah
that doesn't matter you don't have a
prayer she comes down same thing hey
listen she is it's well-written you did
a good job I mean you know you're not a
lawyer but she did a good job but you
just don't have an argument here I said
well I didn't write that Frank did she
shrink oh you're Frank Amadeo and I
explained Frank Amadeo disbarred lawyer
things I'm gonna take over the world
blah blah blah she is you had a crazy
person write your thing I said yeah she
is okay we don't have a prayer I said
yet they they've already filed a
reduction they said no before mmm he
filed the paperwork he got me a
reduction she's yeah but you're gonna
lose at the appeal at the appellate
level I said am i because I said if they
really believe that and that was a
guarantee I said why do they give me the
reduction why did they assign you she
was yeah I mean I don't know no I just
can't imagine this I said look you do
understand they can't let me win if I
win it becomes precedent and everybody
will fight what will be filing right
it'll get around the time-bar and she's
like she's sitting there and she says I
could probably get you two levels okay I
okay well Frank said that to tell you I
want four levels and she goes Frank said
I go yeah she is the guy that the
Emperor of the world I said they employ
and we used to call him Emperor too by
the way
oh yeah and by the way at this point I'm
actually writing a story so when this is
happening I'm writing a story I I think
I'd written his story I was in the
middle of writing a story okay the
middle writing a story so I'm gonna keep
in mind I've got FBI documents that say
he's cutting these fucking Secret
Service agents working for him he's got
he's got a hundred and some-odd
companies he's he's just insane this
that's kind of stuff you get I mean this
is the judge talking about
he wants to take over the world I mean
this is not bullshit this is I got the
fucking transcripts and US attorney
talking about it what's insane I got
I've got the the doctors who were who
have interviewed him who are saying no
no he's bipolar and he's got features of
schizophrenia he really believes he
hears voices and he does so I said no
Frank said four levels to tell you four
levels she's Frank said the crazy guy
said yes Frank said four level shows
okay well I will see what I can do I
said okay nice meeting ya she flies back
to Atlanta talk to her whatever a month
or two later she comes back she says
look they'll do two levels I said no
Frank said four levels so they're not
gonna do four levels I said you go ahead
I said you tell them I said you tell
them we want the evidentiary hearing and
I want because what now now that it's
open to an evidentiary hearing I'm
allowed to present evidence I'm legally
allowed to present evidence well I said
I want to present evidence I want to
talk to the two Secret Service agents in
Nashville I want to talk to the four FBI
agents on my case in Tampa I want to
talk to the US Attorney
I want to subpoena these people I said I
want all of my discovery in my original
case and this case I want all the
discovery in the Wilson case she goes
she does what do you want to do turn
this into a circus and I go that's
exactly what I want to do we're turning
it into a circus I said I'm gonna drive
this into the ground
do you understand I said I'm gonna make
sure they spin as much money and as as
much of a pain in the ass as possible I
said that's what I'm gonna do so I said
that's what you tell him she goes oh my
god so she goes back and we go back and
forth back and forth they say no they
say boom okay to you two years two two
two two levels blah blah blah finally
she comes back she goes oh my god call
me I said okay I said what's up she goes
the government agreed to give you three
levels so I told them that to just go
ahead and we're gonna go ahead and have
the evidentiary hearing so they're gonna
they're gonna move you back I'll take
the three level shoes what what do you
mean you said four levels you said you
wouldn't take anything less than four
level I said no no I said Frank said to
tell you four levels
we were always good with three levels
right I just wanted you to argue for
four no way I had knew I'd end up with
three right exactly
I'm happy with three so do not move me I
do not want an evidentiary hearing I do
not want to go back to court keep me
here and just file the paperwork so they
file the paperwork and boom they give me
three levels which ends up being five
years off my sentence Wow so now I've
got seven and five that's 12 years off
my sentence plus the gain time my
sentence essentially is like cut in half
with the game time it's it's literally I
should have done 23 years you know I got
12 years knocked off I ended up doing 12
and a half years cuz I got some some
halfway house so and I'm still writing
stories Wow
so they immediately try by the way now
I've only got like a year and a half
left to maybe two years maybe a year and
a half left so they won't let probably
about two years look they won't they try
and move me to a camp well my mom comes
to see me every two weeks
she lives in Tampa she the closest camp
is like Miami or Pensacola she can't
come to every two weeks to see me in
Pensacola no she said oh she's almost 90
is that when she's like 88 years old
she's so I can't get moved so I
immediately get myself placed into the
drug program I said I got a drug problem
it's an issue I need to go to the drug
program Pete no no in Coleman oh okay so
I go to the drug program in Coleman and
that way they put a hold on you so they
can't move you from the institution so I
get moved in the drug program I have to
pretend to be a drug addict for about
four months and take all these classes
it's a nine-month course then they put
what's called a man and rate variable on
you and they keep you in the prison so
as soon as they put that on me I drop
out of the drug program about three
months go by and they come back and they
go hey we're gonna take that off you and
ship you to a camp I said yeah I thought
it was good for a year they go typically
it is but we really need to move you to
a camp and I said no I can't I got to go
back to the drug program why I said I
really have an issue I really have a
problem I just realized that coming back
here they go okay cocks so I go back it
is ridiculous
Oh and so I specced to keep me there so
I end up staying there then I go to the
halfway house
I get to the halfway house and so when I
get to the halfway house I'm immediately
in the middle of this lawsuit I ended up
publishing a book which lawsuit the
owner brothers the Warner Brothers wooly
war dogs like a lawsuit end up talking
to this crazy lawyer a guy eventually
I've called like 20 or 30 lawyers none
of them wanted to take the case because
they all want money because the
intellectual property theft is a it's a
long drawn-out process and they don't
take it on contingency I finally get a
lawyer they'll take it on contingency so
it was it was a saw my moves in the
halfway house while I'm in the halfway
house like my buddy tree on who owns a
Jim Cole toes 24/7 fitness Heat he owns
a gym he hires me
while I'm in the halfway house so I'm
working for him while I'm working for
him one day we I get in the in his car
and he's like and he goes uh he said
because I'm in real estate you know I
was in real estate
he was you gotta listen if you listen to
this concrete podcast he goes and he
starts telling me about he's and he's
listening to the podcast really yeah in
the Jeep
it's got like a Jeep it's all jacked up
it's like 80 grain or something and so I
get in things like yeah yeah so then we
start I start watching it and whatever
and he used to live in like Pebble Beach
or Indian Rocks whatever Indian Rocks
Indian rocks used to live there I guess
he had a scene been one time yeah did a
lot of really that was the biggest thing
on this channel was real estate right
series so he ended up watching it at
that point and then he so he was telling
me about it and he goes you ought to
contact this guy Danny and I go why I
said he's not because I said for real
estate and he goes yeah and I go try
them talk to me about real estate I just
fucking did 12 and a half years for real
estate for mortgage fraud but they don't
talk about but it's a horrible idea
anyway yeah but he's a ward about that
did the stories the true crime stories
you could probably do some stuff with
true crime or something I went well I
want to try and do something I'll call
him so that's that's what I called you
and said hey listen I don't know cuz I
believe the evil is kind of like you
said yeah you sent me an email
very uh it was a very persuasive email
wasn't very good email really sure what
I really want but I'll talk to you I'm
not sure so so uh yeah so I've sent me
an email I called you when uh here we
are yeah almost six months later maybe
around that probably there's probably
two or three months into I got there in
January
yeah probably couple months in yep so so
yeah I remember you're telling me that
you would get out of halfway house in
July and that was gonna that was like
two months away so okay yeah so now I've
got about to put out a notebook which
we're supposed to you know we I've got
the one book out that whatever those
yeah I just got that in the mail
actually ordered on Amazon and I can't
fucking highlight it and press speak
unfortunately but uh I'm gonna read this
one yeah I just got it yesterday in the
mail yeah you got to read that one I'm
reading it for so yes so that's gonna be
the next podcast yeah we got to do that
it's I'm telling it's amazing it's it's
really a it's a plus you know you get it
you'll get a ton of these right wing
you'll get left
what synopsis what's the what's the
quickest elevator pitch for devil
exposed it's there's a guy in prison
named Walter Rossini that was a admitted
drug trafficker and he made
methamphetamine and ice which you know
ice is just a pure form of
methamphetamine he was a young kid 22 23
years old I mean they're making a ton of
it this is like 20 years ago in LA so in
Hollywood in LA I mean he's like
partying with like Aerosmith and you
know they're these those these are the
guys that are hanging out with and
they're making ice and they're and tons
of money anyway he ends up there's a
ends up the short version is he ends up
there's a couple dirty agents one of
them is an informant who pretends to be
an FBI agent so a couple of dirty FBI
agents that they're paying off for
information and eventually what happens
is like I'm literally like like guys are
getting arrested
they're getting them out of it guys are
getting indicted they're getting him out
of it I mean he gets arrested they stay
come in and they make a phone call that
cops let him out I mean it's that
blatant he's paying these guys then it's
like a couple million dollars they end
up paying these guys they want their
XANA sealed indictment they want to know
everybody that's on it he tells them he
called boom next day here's who's on it
Wow
I mean he's you know you've got the in
guys are getting caught with nine pounds
of ice they get the whole thing quashed
and cut loose well what happens is
eventually it's convoluted but basically
the short version a streamlined version
is to two informants end up getting
murdered and the the two guys that
commit the murders initially when they
get grabbed
they say that rusi need Racine he's the
one that murdered him then there's like
four guy four or five guys end up
getting grabbed and all four of them are
saying Racine he said Racine he murdered
him well then they start failing
polygrapher exams and then they end up
saying okay okay I did kill him
I killed him but Racine he helped move
the body and Racine he's the one that
told us to do it yeah so receipting
saying that's not what happened well
later it comes out that after the
murders the FBI informant comes in and
tells them if anything happens you guys
get caught see the FBI is the one that
suggested that these two that this guy
one of the guys needs to be killed
because he's an informant he's gonna
cooperate he's gonna cooperate against
the two dirty yeah the FBI oh shit
right so we get in trouble you guys are
all getting life sentences so
something's got to happen somebody needs
to take care of them so he ends up
getting one of the guys end up getting
whacked because of that now dead the
government says they got whacked they
got killed because they were both
informants it's actually not true but
they both end up getting killed it's
because the FBI and the FBI informant
that told them to do it then when they
get caught they all say they can't say
the FBI is the one that did it they say
rossini did it then when they say okay
we they fail the polygraph exams okay he
didn't kill him I did kill him but he
told me
took to kill them they're looking for
somebody to blame they can't say the FBI
ordered it right so what ends up
happening is is there's actually proof
of a meeting where the FBI informant
gets like seven or eight guys together
the same guys that all say we're seeing
he did it
gets them all together and tells them
that they all have to blame Orsini say
he did don't say we did it there's
actually proof that there was this
meeting everybody nobody disagrees that
there was a meeting okay so they end up
rossini ends up getting indicted he ends
up he's supposed to get the death
penalty and what happens is the US
Attorney at the time comes in and says
listen I'm gonna let you plead out to 40
years and you can cooperate against
these other guys well the US attorney
was robert muller robert muller is the
guy that's investigating the president
united states right right it wasn't
working he this was when he was US
attorney in San Francisco
so he says I'm gonna let you cooperate
against these two dirty FBI agents and
imma let you cooperate against the other
guys so we're gonna give you 40 years
and you know you get your sentence
reduced and remember I said there's only
one time I've ever seen an ironclad an
actual agreement where they agree 100%
to cut the guys sentence yeah the
beginning of podcast rot Robert Muller
is the one that gave that document to
Walter Rossini no fucking way it's a
matter of fact I've got it on the
website not my website I've got on
another on a devil exposed
it's called devil exposed exhibits calm
it's on the website the actual document
from Robert Muller so he gives it to him
he goes to 11 Worth meets with him like
three times in a row two days in a row
three date three days in a row or three
days total I think two or three days so
he meets with him writes all these notes
up and everything he and another FBI
agent then gives rossini 40 ere he's got
the 40 years during the course of this
Muller realizes Rossini didn't do it
that Rossini didn't order the documents
it's the dirty FBI agents he writes down
dirty FBI is like I mean the FBI agent
write dirty FBI agents payoffs 200,000
100,000 a or 15,000 here 1.5 million
dollars
he starts writing it's all written down
in their notes right yeah so what ends
up happening is he says I'm gonna bring
you back to the front of a grand jury
I'm gonna we're gonna do this where and
do that what happens is he ends up
becoming getting appointed to the FBI
direct as an FBI director right mm-hmm
he was a US attorney then Bush wins the
election makes him FBI director he goes
in front of Congress
he's now Robert Moeller becomes the FBI
director okay the US Attorney that takes
over the thing says he's not going to
honor the agreement he's not gonna
reduce his sentence he as a matter of
fact there is no agreement so Rossini
comes up with the paperwork said what
about this this is the agreement and the
judge goes yeah he's got an agreement
it's ironclad you've got to reduce his
central Muller right got to reduce his
sentence so they they go they have a
thing they have a they have a court
whatever proceeding yeah and they bring
him back and they reduce his sentence
and they reduce it by barely nothing a
couple years then and they completely
say they bullshit it this isn't what
happened he's lying he's this he has no
proof as though this there were no dirty
FBI agents it's all a lie it's not true
he barely got seen time knocked off so
finally he gets Muller he gets Muller
drags for like ten years
he drags he can't go to court because
cuz 9/11 happened you know
then there's the DC sniper then there's
a anthrax you know he's always caught
come up with these reasons why he can't
be deposed he can't show up at court so
it just drags on and on eventually he
has to go back in front of court when he
goes in front of the court he says Molly
gets up and rossini and his lawyer
thinking that Muller was gonna say yes
they were dirty agents yes we talked
about it yes yes yes markets on the
stand says it no there's no bottle call
any dirty agents I remember any of that
they go what did he deny ordering the
murders no as a matter of fact he
implicated himself he admitted that he
had took part in that me Wow holy shit I
got the fucking transcripts and
everything well what happens is in the
meantime he says all this gets off the
stand
in the meantime no no sorry he says all
this by this point
Pete Rossini's lawyer has come up has
found the notes he gets ahold of the
real FBI notes and goes to Muller and
starts saying are you saying that you
never heard about dirty eight dirty
agents and he started saying on note
zero zero four right here it says dirty
FBI agent spray off and he's like um I
don't recall I'm not sure why it says
that what about here here it says that
he denied ordering the murder I do not
it doesn't say he admitted says he did
not they start really hammering him it
the last part of the transcripts is
nothing but I at this present time I do
not recall precisely what I was thinking
at the time I'm unsure of him he's just
complete bullshit anyway it's so bad
that the US attorney at the time ends up
so they sentence recents Rossini again
they knock three four years off again
let's not give too much away okay we're
just teasing him right now oh yeah sorry
anyway it goes on and on it's it's it's
it's pretty egregious and it's not like
it's politically motivated because I'm
not like yeah not a conservative or a
liberal or anything I don't care it's
just that there's a sky in prison and
I've got all this documentation and it's
proof that it's just insane
it shouldn't say and when you see the
doc but you have to understand the bulk
of the documents are sealed okay and
this guy's in prison so how what can he
do it's it's a it's a great story and I
don't it's like like I think I told you
this before it's not like I have like I
feel like like molars a scumbag or
anything I I feel like he he covered up
something because he's politically
motivated other than that you know this
guy volunteered for Vietnam I mean he's
a patriot was the longest running FBI
agent or FBI director I mean it's just
this one thing yeah you know and it's
just a fucked up situation
am so that's brutal dude thank you so
much that was incredible all right that
was incredible so are we are gonna do
one so wait let me make it clear if
you're still watching this shit which I
guess it doesn't matter now but if you
haven't watched the first one you have
to watch oh yeah first podcast we did
about how I got that
into this podcast right it's you have to
it's mandatory there's there's no way
you can watch you could have watched
this without watching the first one if
you haven't watched the first one you
have to go watch that now and dude it's
just it's mind-blowing just thank you
for sharing these stories with with us
and with the listeners and and letting
me letting me be the platform for it
molar the molar story devil exposed next
that books already out right people can
already put yeah yeah you can guide that
book okay it's on Amazon double Andy and
it's got and I've got all the exhibits
on a website okay like fucking how many
hundreds and hundreds of pages of
exhibits what's that website again it's
a devil exposed exhibits calm okay and
the website where all your stories are
at which is inside true crime inside
true crime is that mine I put both those
links below so people who want to find
those you can just click them below and
fucking awesome dude can't wait for the
next one
[Music]